amanda baked cookies and will bring jerry some tomorrow .
olivia and olivier are voting for liberals in this election .
kim may try the pomodoro technique recommended by tim to get more stuff done .
edward thinks he is in love with bella . rachel wants edward to open his door . rachel is outside .
sam is confused , because he overheard rick complaining about him as a roommate . naomi thinks sam should talk to rick . sam is not sure what to do .
wyatt reminds neville his wedding anniversary is on the 17th of september . neville's wife is upset and it might be because neville forgot about their anniversary .
john didn't show up for class due to some work issues with his boss . cassandra , his teacher told him which exercises to do , and which chapter to study . they are going to meet up for a beer sometime this week after class .
sarah sends james an instrumental song he might like . james knows the song . the brain connects the songs to the context they were played in and brings to mind the associated memories .
noah wants to meet , he quit his job , because his boss was a dick .
matt invites agnes for a date to get to know each other better . they'll go to the georgian restaurant in kazimierz on saturday at 6 pm , and he'll pick her up on the way to the place .
demi got promoted . she will celebrate that with lucas at death co at 10 pm .
mark just shipped the goods and he will send george the tracking number tomorrow .
anita is at bologna station .
arthur is still unemployed . leon sends him a job offer for junior project manager position . arthur is interested .
macca has done ice climbing for the first time today , close to reykjavik . he enjoyed it very much .
isabella feels bad after the christmas party . she got drunk . she is ashamed to go back to work .
lucy owes tina 50 dollars . she made a transfer but it is sunday so the payment will be on tina's account on monday . tina needs the money because she has been having expanses recently .
betty feels remorse she got drunk last night and went out of control .
mike and mary are going to visit mike's grandma tonight . mary will buy her some chocolate .
laura will pick up kim from work around 7 , and they will come back home together .
erin is convinced by ashley's book recommendations , while seamus and marcus aren't .
aria has just run into charlie evans . he is now married , with two daughters , and a family business . she has also met cooper roy from high school . she used to have a crush on him , now she almost didn't recognise him . maverick and aria miss the old times and think the world has changed for the worse .
omenah is at home , anna will be there in a minute .
layla the dog misses rachel . she is having a knee surgery , because of arthritis . renee sends a picture of her dog . rachel getting settled and she's looking for a job in teaching .
jonas will be 10 minutes late . natalie will let mary know jonas will present before she starts .
lawrence doesn't like the play of manchester united . he and julius complain about the team and mourinho's style .
the trip wayne was going to go on was postponed . now jade will be able to go to .
jason is going to thailand next week . natalie will send him pictures of the spices she wants him to buy for her . then she will remind him about it in two weeks .
elisa , sadie , carol , liam , tom and john want to go for drinks tonight at mombasa . arthur will come with alice . kai will join them around 8 . elisa will book the big corner table for 15 people .
amy and hal will have dinner together when he is back home before 7 .
ray's bike was stolen from the 9th street yesterday even though it was secured . it was a custom bike so now ray's out few grand . ray wants to post posters in the area so they'll get scared and leave it somewhere . luke had one stolen last month from the same area . sam wants to help out .
eric wants to bet during the champions league this year although he lost a lot of money last year . curtis won't bet .
chandler will pay for his coffee tomorrow .
karen looked very good on her 5th anniversary dinner with mark .
ted , jake , pia , jessica and jess are having a reunion this friday at the same place as the previous one .
julianna tells bradley about europe's law and the approach towards pedophiles .
lucia needs a new hairstyle due to a change of work and she makes an appointment with eric for friday 3 p . m .
gabriella asked jasmine to check her cv which is in english . she's applying for a perfect job . jasmine checked it and did only minor corrections . she hopes gabriella will get the job .
grace saw ruth in galitos but she thought it would be embarassing to get in and greet her . they will meet tomorrow .
stella wants to see the apartment in the morning . she plans to split it into 2 apartments .
andrea must correct 50 of 20 short texts for an online shop . she has a deadline in two weeks . sondra cannot help andrea , because her cat is dying and nanny's leaving . jill also cannot help . sondra will probably have only one free evening in march and more free time probably in june .
charles will go with victor to the museum tonight . there is an opening of an exhibition about cubism . there'll be food , music and vips .
elizabeth had an argument with blackett today , but she doesn't want william to intermeddle .
henry and lily take william with them to riehen . they will meet with him for a coffee before they start , and eat a meal together afterwards .
according to brian , colors that match linda's personality are yellow and grey .
jimmy is going to take medication for a month to cure his acute gastritis .
peter will be back home in 2 days . mary would like to go on a date when he gets back .
neither francesca nor jacob can sleep . jacob has suicidal thoughts .
ted has twisted his ankle .
julie recommends the glamrock cream from the glamshop . chloe got the money early so she can pay back julie . julie and jake are getting the dog so they need the money for extra dog related expenses .
teddy has a message from pitt on messenger .
mary didn't come to nick's birthday party . she met an architect named kirk . mary and nick will meet in the evening .
connor will not attend the meeting , he has to rest . isaiah never wanted to go .
samara bought the dress she had at the wedding in an online shop and she was happy when she discovered it .
mary , kate , peter and john want various items for christmas . gabi wants a surprise . jack is unsure what he wants . jack should let the rest know within a week .
jeff will double check mindy's reaction , connected to her involvement in phase one of the project .
client informs flix about a 40 minutes delay of the bus from radom to warsaw . flix explains that this is an operational delay . client decides to make a formal complaint as it wasn't the first such delay .
jeff , ann , corina , and maria are going to hike tomorrow . jeff reminds everyone to take good shoes , because they are going to walk over 20 km . jeff , ann , corina , and maria will take a bus on the way back at 5 pm .
joyce and andrew are running late . carla and anette are on their way . helen is at a table by one of the windows at the front .
mia hasn't subscribed to aiden's channel yet but she wants to . aiden has been working on it for 6 months .
oli , jacob and marcia have to prepare for a very hard statistics exam . last year , people had only one minute to answer each question and then it disappeared .
blake believes that alexis is trying to turn their son , steven , against him and has bad influence on steven . alexis believes blake is self centered and often attacks her and accuses her of things she didn't do .
roberta found makoto's dress and will send it to makoto on friday .
when eleanor meets sawyer , she will be wearing a slightly transparent black robe . sawyer would like eleanor to take a picture of herself in the robe , but the transparency is not visible on photos .
sam will be 30 minutes late . sandra and staś will start without sam .
sam got her first credit card .
james's girlfriend made him put the trash bin near the kitchen window outside so she can throw things out of the window .
to christopher's frustration , matthew , andrew and david refuse to go abroad for the weekend .
francine and jessie talked yesterday . the talk has been helpful for jessie . francine says she's always there for jessie . jessie is very thankful .
maria has cooked a lot of food . andrew will bring some italian wine .
richard took hannah's parking spot again . anne saw it .
sophie doesn't know what to buy for a gift . she wants monica's help . she is considering buying a day spa gift card . monica is bad at buying gifts .
nicki is going to sing the anthem at the game .
christmas is coming . chloe will buy carter new socks as he wears them unmatched . victoria bought herself a new piece of gold equipment .
ammalee sent maryann a photo of her nails that lasted over a month . maryann will try acrylic instead linen on ammalee's nails next time . ammalee will send maryann a photo of a design that she would like to have on her nails .
alan is making his famous chicken wings and would like joan to be home by 7 . joan won't make it as she is studying with laura .
johny wants to go out clubbing with luke in order to meet a female partner . luke has plans but he advises johny to install tinder . luke critisizes johny for speaking about women without much respect .
rosie is on her way to meet frank and will have to find him at sports direct .
kyle reminds patrick about their math homework for tomorrow .
ellen and paul are doing the redecoration and it takes a lot of time . they want to finish it by christmas but workers are permanently late . kate is looking forward for the housewarming party .
paola and her friends are going to the theatre el rincón de sánchez on friday . they are going to see a play about serbian family just after the war in yugoslavia . nicola and austin will go to the theatre together . they will eat empanadas on their way .
vincent and charlotte are studying in the cloister today . harriet and ben will go to the library .
stu is on channel 6 now .
jessie and leo will hang out at the weekend , but jessie has to come up with a place first .
irma doesn't play tennis . john and irma will enroll in tennis class at the community center .
jack has to find olivia in carriage 3 , because she has their tickets .
lionel is in a meeting and can't talk .
will gived rob the number of the car mechanic who fixed will's father's car .
andrew , nicky and rick had a hard week at work . they just want to rest and do nothing . andrew has a new project next month , and now he just wants to sleep and see kids .
olivia doesn't know how to caption the photo she wants to put on instagram . taylor gives olivia some hints .
ian and john will meet at st . monica at 8 . 00 .
ali is coming to kane to get the hard drive .
it's snowing outside .
ava doesn't want to talk to greg any more and she's blocking him on facebook .
during early lunchtime , shelly will come to porter to take a look at wool fall coats which have arrived today .
connor is looking for a playlist from the berlin concert . kyle directs him to the band's official twitter account .
jeniffer and brooke're in new york now . they've been also to connecticut , massachusetts and rhode island . the thing jeniffer likes the most in america is diversity while in brooke's opinion it's urban splendor .
max is sorry about his behaviour so wants to meet up with lucas and mason . lucas will let him know .
o'neill is worried about not having heard from ted . ted is fine and is going to send a photo later .
it's getting cooler in poland , because winter is coming . justin hasn't seen the last episode of game of thrones yet .
sandra is setting into the new house ; her family is happy with it . then sandra and gabby discuss the nature of their men and laugh about their habit of spending time in the garage or a shed .
nina will join tim and alice in the main room .
esme is furious about jason not inviting her to the party . summer can't understand his behavior .
mike will repay the money he owes jake on the 8th . mike had to pay the rent so he borrowed money from his parents .
roger can do as many rows of tile in a day as he wants . he should make a level ledger , mark a center line and do the bottom row when the ledger row dries .
angelina and jennifer will go to see first man on the moon on friday around 7 8 pm at cinema city arkadia .
james will buy a set of forks at ikea on john's request .
sue's mum got back home yesterday after a difficult journey and is still recovering . sue will think of organising a party later on .
daniel moved in about two hours but has been cleaning for two days .
one of the meetings was cancelled and frances is at strawberry café .
frank saw rick leaving the office . rick had to deal with private matters . he will work during lunch break today .
joe , tim and jack are watching 'the millionaire' .
pat and lucy will meet at 5 . 25 for the bus . laura likes pat's outfit and will show hers later on .
there was an emergency at school today . three engines and ambulance came , but it was a drill .
nancy talked to her best friends about the hen party . she will go with claire on a city break . they are meeting on sunday at brunch to discuss it .
leroy should change the settings via language and settings or access with voice match if he wants to use voice recognition on his pixel 2 when it is blocked .
leo and harper will have grinch any mary poppins remake marathon . harper will bring the popcorn .
james wants to watch a good horror movie . nick and ridley recommended watching rec .
eleonor , tasha and betty agree to meet up in the french place next sunday . patricia can't come as the meeting collides with her mother in law's birthday .
richard and elisabeth are worried by the current rise of nationalist movements . they draw a parallel between the current situation and the 1930s . they ponder on the need for an international movement that would unify people of different nationalities . otherwise they fear there will be war .
at a party , he made a hole in luke's wall and vomited inside . someone cooked luke's expensive sea fish .
nick and angela discuss what to buy pete for his birthday . angela wants to join a money collection of sarah to get something bigger . nicks wants to be posted .
mat hasn't his presentation with him .
paul didn't convince josh to go bungee jumping or skydiving with him next time .
lea and jenny are going to eat dinner together on saturday at 8pm with some other people . lea will bring a dessert .
greg is now wearing a cast .
jessica and jennifer are going to a party together .
loreen lost her internet connection . melissa and peter have booked a holiday apartment on lake constance for new year's eve . loreen might spend 4 weeks in cuba . she won't rent a car . loreen will go down for breakfast soon .
dorothy tells lily that ron messaged her after a previous embarrassing message . they make fun of ron being drunk .
rene and kate will get karl a gift . rene will send kate the money for it .
amy unknowingly smuggled cocaine in latin america . she didn't get caught .
ben and rafal are meeting in 2 . 5 hours at the subway exit 9 .
martin and his wife are going to oslo for christmas . tony is visiting parents , and can't go .
john is coming to jim's party with marina . he forgot to tell him .
tereza is waiting with tony at the main car park . lorry will be 10 minutes late .
ruby tossed away the small , red pan , although sean was still using it .
kate will meet with steven in 15 minutes .
it is july 7th and cindy is looking forward to monsta x's new album . maria knows that this date has been chosen because of hwi's birthday . he is cindy's favourite . maria has left a message on the band's website . their new song is already on m net chart .
lauren hates autumn but diego doesn't complain .
dora asks dad if everyting is ok and it is .
liz and jerry will go to madrid at the end of march . they will spend two nights in berlin first .
cohen has just woken up .
kate can't watch the tv , because it stopped working . jared will be back in a minute to help her .
jack likes rdr2 mainly for the narration , acting and the graphics . jack used to play with cowboy themed lego sets when he was a child .
adam has a stomach flu .
josh is coming to london . he is going to stay at a hotel . he is going to meet mary at gary's pub on the weekend . mary is going to invite john and lucy as well .
grayson is going to shave his head .
cisco has sent ruth a clip with james veitch .
alice dropped her mobile phone into the bath and it's broken .
louise is already back from her honeymoon , which she enjoyed a lot . louise and her new husband relaxed and didn't do much during the trip .
lukass started a new school . lucass misses marta and patty the most . marta wants erasmus again . lukass may come to rybnik by bike , and marta to alutus .
jessica , mickey , ollie and kelly are talking about the scariest places . for mickey it is aokigahara forest in japan , also called the suicide forest . this scares kelly , but mickey tries to calm her with the fact that more people commit suicide on the golden gate bridge than in that forest .
diana and marcus are grateful for hospitality and breakfasts that leo and yadani prepare for them .
destiny had a fractured arm , but she is now able to prepare new things for her showcase . destiny will be showing her new collection at the spring art fair this weekend . brooke will come along .
lizzy and john were at the opening of monica's gallery yesterday . monica gave an interesting speech . monica and mark are together .
harvey won't eat lunch with darcie as he's got business lunch at 1 .
dave has a lot of work with the report . sharon requires it to be done by tomorrow as the clients want to deal with it quickly . sharon can't write the conclusion of the report , as her hairdresser is coming over , so that she looks good at the meeting tomorrow .
logan likes daisy's dress and doesn't think it looks like a bathrobe .
ben's car broke down and he needs to contact uncle joe , who's an expert in cars . adam needs to ask dad for uncle joe's number . for today , ben borrowed rosie's car .
sara is looking for dinner ideas that would take daniel's lactose intolerance into consideration . ana will bring dessert at her request .
maria will send ann marie the receipt for the airbnb in boston , because ann marie wants the university to reimburse her travel costs .
shane recommended dr . smith to peggy , a dentist in centre clinic .
danny and alan will meet in the foyer around 6 30 .
lee just got a new mechanical keyboard .
vicky will call sonia to entertain her as she's bored .
dan and arabella will meet at the main gate of jesus college . matteo overslept , so he will come straight to the station . arabella will give him some food .
sixx and lucy are going to see at deli style cafe on sandy park road around 4 pm .
fan will turn down the music at sam's request .
faith will meet kai 4 . 30 at the railway station . faith will take the underground train to get to the airport .
francesca is being released from hospital . she is off tommorow , but working on monday from 3pm .
aston and mona are going to japan in 3 months . mona owes aston 600 euros for the tickets . she will transfer the amount .
mandy and jordan are thinking about admitting their son to primary school . jordan will call alex to find out his opinion and they will discuss later .
julia's taking the quiz at the moment .
lily finds the place recommended to jessie by her friend nice . lily offers to call and ask about the price they expect for 30 people there .
at the weekend ron is going to an art exhibition where his pictures are going to be displayed .
ethan congratulates lilly on her baby boy . the baby's name is not yet decided .
jim and tim are sharing a ride to work today . jim will pick tim up in 15 min .
cady will take a personal pizza with pepperoni and italian sausage and also a soft drink for aaron .
katarina wants to rent a flat from liz . she will come visit it today after 6 pm .
cora , kaylee and lydia are going to a spa . kaylee pays for everything .
roger left fiona for mandy , who is a model . fiona broke into his fb account . she is devastated .
it's to late for melanie to join because everyone is going home in an hour .
ford will pick up gary and gerard at 6 . 30 to go to the party .
charles wants to form a band and involve martin as a singer , himself as a drummer and daniel as a guitarist .
peter is waiting for liam and jenny . they'll be late , because they had a little accident . they are ok .
noah and sebastian are concerned about the consequences of the us withdrawing from the nuclear weapon treaty .
dave is attending his aunt's brother funeral today .
lillian cannot find a dress for the wedding . samantha also had problems but found one .
it's saturday today and breakfast is from 8 to 10 . henry has the timings . dylan is hungry at 6 am .
lisa is holding seats for luck and hugh .
elise found jim's dog in the forest . she will bring him home and take care of him until 4 pm .
thea has got fever and sore throat , and according to the doctor it's tonsillitis , so she won't be back in the office too soon . benjamin needs to drag the project on his own , but he'll ask mr . robinson if they could make a short break .
kasia and jan are in westfjords . kasia , jan , kate and michael think that westfjords is beautiful . icelandic horses have 5 gaits .
sam and lillian will give marco the exam pass . marco is a good student . lillian will remind marco to pay the balance as soon as possible .
tom and the other people are waiting for christie at the cinema . christie is almost there , stuck in traffic , due to accident .
jess wants to go to a concert but the tickets are sold out .
arlene invited judy , judith and clara to her birthday party .
susannah will come this evening and stay with liz from 7 to 11pm , while eva is with james .
dad spent his anniversary at niagara on the lake on sunday . his back is acting up so he went to see a doctor today and was prescribed medications . bobby used to exercise and take painkillers to help with his back . he will pass the information about the book to dad tomorrow .
alex will team up with laura in a a pokemon raid . alex will see laura today at 5 pm under the clock at central station .
rachel wishes a happy new year from her and tom to miranda and jack . rachel is having the best time but misses miranda and jack .
bobby watched the episode of i'm a celeb . eva missed it . bobby updates eva on what happened .
daniel will let david know about free slots at the weekend .
frederic's monday sucks . alma hates mondays too .
kurt sends his son ron 50 dollars .
ali has invited lucie to visit him in senegal . jana , stefan with daughters and ali's daughter are coming to stay from 30 march to 12 april . ali tells lucie to bring toothpaste with her . lucie had a car accident .
nicole is a bit stressed , as she will have a job interview in publicis . nicole and sophia will meet tomorrow later because of the interview .
mark is free to talk until 3 . 45 but he can't reach marilyn .
julia and ava will go for karaoke friday night . julia will tell the rest and ava will make a reservation .
nobody has picked up the prints yet , but john will do it later today .
renee and sue can't stand her and think she's extremely ugly .
aurora told isabela that her fall on a slippery floor at her cousin's wedding last february was immortalized on a photo . as she didn't really enjoy the wedding , the accident made it more fun , but overall she is happy that nothing particularly serious happened to her .
maja is new so needs some information from kimberley as they are in the same group .
fran bought a nice jacket . brianna and fran are going to have a picnic in february in the same place they went to last year .
serge's monthly bank transfer to théo was made late , so he'll make a late rent payment to his landlord . the landlord shouldn't be angry about it given previous timely payments .
nathan is going to the pool . david doesn't want to because of the rain .
luke will bring the barbecue set . gregory will bring some beers for himself for the barbecue .
ashley finished their group work . angie will do the editing . ashley will send angie the soft copy .
josh wants to propose to his girlfriend next month . it's their third anniversary . monica will get the right ring measure for him this weekend .
daniel wants to cancel a meeting tomorrow . he has some family stuff . he will let henry know when they can meet .
phoebe's ex boyfriend is working with joane's husband's best friend . phoebe doesn't have a problem with that as they split up on good terms .
tomorrow after lunch astrid will meet with mr martin to talk about her essay . .
richard suspects his girlfriend is cheating on him because of her emotional distance . matt has once accused his girlfriend of cheating , when in reality she was throwing him a surprise birthday party . richard will talk to his girlfriend as matt advises .
paulina is doing her homework , and it's not too easy .
the canteen staff will not offer made to order food to cut costs . wendy will put out a memo about it .
sharol is going to go to the beach with emma , anna , emily , wendy and kate . sharol is afraid that wendy doesn't like her .
joanna and daniel are invited to two parties on friday night . on saturday night they will go grocery shopping , and then they have late lunch with daniel's parents . on the same day , they also need to clean and in the evening they are going to the theatre .
wanda has lost her metro pass . now she's waiting in line to make a new one . after she's done , she and zoe will meet for a coffee .
raquel and laura have a cold . laura's boyfriend is taking care of her .
holly has a job interview but the washing maching broke , so james will come home asap .
riley is turning down the volume on daniel's request .
mike and angie are hungover after a party .
ayehsa has started jogging .
viola has a new job . now she's learning about the company's system in procedure . the people at her work are helpful .
dan will buy carrot , milk and fruit .
trudy needs someone to double check her statistical results and asks janice to do this . janice recommends amy . trudy is not comfortable with asking amy as they don't know each other that well . amy , however , can do that for a fee .
aaron made christmas shopping at the mall full of kids waiting in a long line to see santa . aaron has got all he needed , but shirl hasn't got any gifts yet .
ted keeps sending kris pictures and videos of cats .
eric is happy about the french who accepted the offer . ian is enthusiastic but adrian isn't . grace is looking forward to meeting him but gabriella isn't sure about it .
hannah and nata are going shopping together on saturday .
brian's interview didn't go well but he wouldn't like to work there anyway .
jake is with susan's mother now . he will be back on saturday after lunch . kyle is free on sunday and wants to meet jake . jake agrees . he will tell kyle if he's free , this afternoon .
bill thinks that richard is lazy and makes poor life choices recently . richard is bill's little brother . richard gets money from his parents . richard doesn't want to talk about his choices .
keith learnt from suji that the lecture room was switched from 102 to 210 .
carla is teaching a class of 7 today . she will be absent 6 12 december . she can teach on the 22nd but not 29th . mona has to confirm january 2nd classes .
there's a meeting with clients today at 11 am . jim has prepared the presentation .
fanny is very upset with jay oversleeping on the day of the big meeting . everybody is waiting and jay is rushing over .
ryan and irma are going to the movies tonight instead of meeting isabelle as promised . ryan will be leaving for london soon and wants to spend time with irma .
nate and julien have both arrived in the agreed meeting place and they are trying to find each other .
helen has this week off work . she plans to cook tagine , but she doesn't have ingredients . ralph's coming back at 7 pm .
there is a new computer game in which you live the life of a slice of bread . liam and matt can't believe it's true .
south sudan is the youngest country in the world .
laura is coming to the june ball . she already has 2 tickets .
jason jumped off the stage yesterday where he was crowdfunding for his new band . he landed on a big biker guy who liked his behaviour . the bike invited the biker on stage where they all got drunk after the concert . after the show , jason kicked a dog and it bit his leg .
leon finished his work earlier . he will pick up millie from school at 4 p . m . and make chicken thighs and potatoes for dinner .
melissa is stressed before an exam on monday .
clara has an interview in pwc tomorrow . she doesn't have anything formal to wear . she's size 36 . sophie will lend her a jacket . clara will go to sophie's place to try it .
ruby suggests a dish for lisa to cook but she doesn't have the necessary ingredients .
papa is leaving on wednesday . papa will meet with lawrence , anna and pat on sunday for a brunch in schlosscafe around 12 . lawrence will visit papa tonight . papa will prepare something to eat for him .
according to maya , ligh lunch catering is the best food service so far .
ed and steve are going to get some coffee in 3 minutes . monica wants one too but patty doesn't want one .
tyler will bring anna cold coffee in 10 minutes .
snape wants to be in the group for robotics project with eva . she agreed to that .
kira bought a new bed this weekend at a new shop near her house .
taylor wants to go to a rock concert with valerie . she agreed to go with taylor .
jimmy will watch a movie with jake after class on friday . dom needs to help out his mom , so he cannot join jimmy and jake .
mike's favourite avenger is the black panther . harrison's captain america .
karen had a presentation . peter and ashley participated and liked it .
if betty and daria win the contest , they will go to thailand .
the payday is tomorrow . holly is broke .
eloise needs a new phone , but not iphone , something less expensive . miles recommends a phone , eloise thinks it's promising , sheldon recommends nokia .
charlie has just achieved his highest score of 152374 , which is almost 25000 more than the previous one . it took him around 15 attempts . he needs to do this homework not to anger his parents .
laura will come to daniel at 22 . daniel will be waiting for her with wine .
ginger wants to borrow willow's falsies but willow says no .
walker was in hospital during class time .
kamil , thomas with his girlfriend , godek and prosty with his girl are going bowling tomorrow at 8 p . m . at the same place as the last time .
liz has to study this weekend but finds time to go to the cinema , go shopping and have a pizza with liz on saturday . the movie starts at 1 p . m .
tim has hiv . peter and laura are very supportive .
there will be a remake of 'pet sematary' by stephen king . coleen is a fan of horrors . coleen and glenn watched 'friday the 13th' together and glenn hated it .
paul and ashley are going to buy christmas gifts for ashley's family . they meet near the queens place mall at around 4 .
miley lives in connecticut . joan had a boyfriend from connecticut .
sarah is stressed out all the time . james warned her of the dangers of long term stress . james wants to help sarah .
mica praises andy's book review . mica is going to post the review on the website on tuesday then let andy know . they expect it to be popular .
jay is waiting for kale by the washroom .
jacob is stuck in traffic and will be late to hear becky sing .
kyle , kian and jodie agree to watch the game in a bar at kendall sq . the match starts at 8 o'clock .
anna likes zoe's c a dress .
theo has pizza , may will be there in 5 with cash .
lucas invites ivy to a concert in a pub at 7 . ivy cannot stay long but will join lucas .
david is landing in sevilla instead of jerez at 17 30 as it was too expensive . victor will pick him up from the airport .
joseph has a surprise for sara .
peter will pick up the invitation to the new year's party at the office tomorrow by 5 pm .
brad and claudia met at the conference . brad liked claudia's presentation and wants to know the sources she used .
yasmin , paris , daphne , cam and xana were at a great party tonight .
hugh doesn't want to send lolita a selfie because she is too young .
adam has a problem with using baron , because yahoo introduced a new rule five years ago . he asks charlie for help . charlie helps adam .
justin borrowed duncan's yellow bow tie .
jimmy sent pictures he took today to barbara on her request .
jess picked up her dress . morgan and lona weren't available . hillary called the dress shop . lona and morgan will have to pick up their dresses on the other side of town .
monika's son paweł and keith's daughter sophie were going to school together . paweł used to hit sophie , because he liked her . sophie hit paweł back once and broke his glasses . keith refused to pay for paweł's glasses . sophie is in croatia now for holidays .
john and may recommended freddie to watch versailles and how to get away with murder .
tom really liked the museum mary recommended to him in dumbo . he got in for free using his student card .
veronica left school early today because of her period .
ruby wants to meet someone online . grace's sister met her boyfriend online . grace will help ruby to set up her online profile .
rosie doesn't feel she's ready for the exam , but she can't study anymore . she'll go to bed and rest .
mateos has finished school and has to leave . connor and mateos will miss each other .
warren offers raphael to go and see ben's band tonight . raphael refuses as his own band is playing at the german american club this evening . it's the 4th time they'll be playing 5 or 6 of their songs there .
they gossip about the royals . they have a preference for harry and meg over william and kate .
kailynn is so badly sunburned , that some parts of her skin hurt when touched .
julia doesn't respond on messanger . caroline gives jane julia's phone number .
claire is going home by bus . she will be in brussels around midnight . patrick is going home soon .
jenny will take the dogs out . kim will be home by 7 . jenny will prepare some tea .
fiona is at a conference . she'll be coming back soon . adam is smoking grass and playing dark souls . he will prepare a nice supper when fiona comes back .
lily is congratulating peter and his team on their victory in a match . peter's team earned championship .
wayne asks jason for his password for the company shared folder .
trudy is looking for a decent and cheap dry cleaner's . she needs to have her leather jacket cleaned after her cat peed on it . swiss dry cleaners are good , but slow . penguin are further away but fast .
robert criticizes sandberg for using me too movement for her own profit , sophie criticizes her for being money oriented , misty admits she doesn't like her but for no particular reason . michelle explains fearism . carole talks about white feminism issues , and ignoring structural issues .
lucas and anna wanted to join miranda on her 3 day trip in london , but the flights were sold out .
macy needs glittery shoes for the new year's eve so she's going shopping with libby tomorrow .
ann is thinking about moving to canada next year . tony recommends ann to follow the crazy craving and move to vancouver .
jessica is on a 2 weeks leave . according to will she is overtired with work . paula will text her .
mary , tim and liam are hiking tomorrow in the jandia peninsula . they'll start at 12 . marion has done all the hikes on the island . she'll meet them later in morro jable . they will write her when they finish .
john will pick up tia from school because ann won't be able to .
jeff is not going to the conference in sf . the flight is expensive .
neil sends jerry a photo from their trip to china . jerry and neil wish to repeat the trip .
andy needs his parents to receive his parcel today . he tries to lie to mrs pink that he bought school supplies but admits he ordered 50 worth of games . mrs pink doesn't mind him buying games as long is it is out of his own pocket .
patty isn't going to the concert tonight . the concert has been organized by pola and other people from their project . patty will try to stay longer at the second day of the conference tomorrow .
mary is running out of yerba mate and wants to buy it next week . it can be bought in the international supermarket .
brad send suzy and dana a picture of new kindergarten . suzy loves the design . dana doesn't like lack of trees , she think kids could use some variety in their environment . for suzy and brad the kindergarten's proximity to work is most important .
lucia doesn't want to go to karaoke with candace , because she hates her .
pedro got promoted .
josh's flight is delayed , so he won't arrive before midnight . tom will call him a cab once he's landed , which is cheaper than uber .
lauren is going to nyc for the first time . she's preparing for the journey . adam and lauren will go to the museum of the city of new york .
miranda sends michalis and linda a link with the hall menus for this term .
mike is waiting for carl . carl is still on boat , there's a delay due to the storm and they have problems to get to the harbor .
they dislike miss smith because she is a demanding teacher . gracie likes her .
shannon sends karen and lucy a video of jackie .
mary , frank and anne will teach children to discuss animals in french today .
julie is going to pick up maya on the way to the church as lenny is going with luke .
mark asked adam to give him the address of the hotel he stayed at last summer .
rafella and nevaeh are excited about the increasing support for veganism .
mike and dora're in some part of dublin where there're no bars to go when it's raining . they're going to a concert tomorrow but they don't expect to visit any landmarks of dublin . they don't exclude going to some escape room later tonight .
gemma will come by suze's office as she forgot her keys .
bryson is coming to room 14a . she's about to check the list .
luisa and mandy will go to the cinema to watch the film glass at 9 . luisa will pick mandy up at 8 15 .
babe wants james to wash the car today and leaves the keys on the table .
tom will cover for harper who is going to a party and will be back late .
debra , lois and miranda are looking for an apartment to rent together . debra found one apartment , with the electricity bill in the amount of 100 month and 500 deposit . she booked a tour of the apartment for thursday 6 pm . she also found some more offers .
keira made some handmade jewelry for her boyfriend's mother . she apparently didn't like it too much . keira publicly called her an ungrateful snob . her boyfriend , sean , is really into her . jess and paige don't really understand why .
julian says he's okay and tells richard to fuck off .
walter wants to buy home appliances as a gift for his wife , bab . jacqui thinks he should buy a silk blouse , chocolates , champagne , or jewellery instead .
angela is annoyed about brangela jokes in the office . bradley thinks it's funny . he let out angela was called angelina in college .
sharon wanted to come to class on friday at 4 30 pm but this time the class was cancelled . she could've come next wednesday at 5 30 if only she hadn't left warsaw earlier .
eli has to sit by her , whereas char has it even worse as she has to see her in every class .
emma recommends mario i'm in love movie .
today ethan has a date with dana . they're going to the cinema and to the restaurant .
jude has left his reading glasses on the table . he will buy a pair at the airport .
ola is at the doctor's .
pearl's boyfriend mistreats her but she loves him anyway . patrick is trying to convince her to leave him . pearl is fat and ugly , so it's not so easy for her .
daniel gives jeff some advice on the discworld book series . jeff should start from the first one and read them in order in which they were released .
mac took ben's watch to impress mandy .
john has probably got a job as a teacher in china , after he passed the interview . george will help john to review his contract next week when china one sends it .
he is careless and has been losing things at school .
miranda , juliet and hayley are having a party today .
magic told the reporters that he was contacted by simmons for potential mentoring next summer . since philly's general manager didn't allow it , nba is investigating the issue now .
barry is taking his car .
anthony forgot to come to the party last night .
jimmy's car is broken down . jimmy will either borrow or buy carrie's car . jimmy needs the car as amy's sister is coming to visit .
charity wants to know if hod is in but he has already left .
mike ordered a big box of fruit .
gerardo pranked kate writing a humorous statement about donald trump , all in superlatives , from her account . kate understood the joke . george called gerardo down .
ingrid will be waiting for hal at home at 7 tonight .
freddie and charlie are discussing a football game , freddie's team won , largely thanks to ronaldo .
chris ignored abigail saying hi . it wasn't the first time it happened .
sally came back from holiday . summer is very warm in britain this year . sally visited a few different places , did a rowing boat trip and pedalo boat trip . mitch hit his head on a wooden seat but did not have concussion . sally wants to meet tina in the gym next week .
he distanced himself from jenny . she's going to her therapist next week .
the grocery store is just round the corner past the pharmacy .
ethan and vera will meet each other next week .
jonah wants somebody to pick him up from the airport . he's never been in such a big city and is scared . molly doesn't understand his fear . vanessa defends jonah .
nathan's going to the pool by himself , david doesn't want to join as it's raining .
shawn , misty , dan , alex and olivia will make a pizza . misty will buy the ingredients . alex and olivia do not like takeaway pizza .
dakota is going to check rental room prices for macy .
there was a mass shooting in california .
eric was on a date . they watched a movie , went to a restaurant and then to his flat . they didn't have sex . eric will introduce his date to drew at a party next week , if she agrees to come .
fai and larry will meet tomorrow before noon at the skatepark . they will make videos for the clip .
dad will be late tonight .
rachel is on the train . alex will feed birdie .
joona and ieva are ill , they won't come to the match this week .
sam will come to dan's birthday party . dan plans to have it at muprhys at 8 , but he has to book a table .
steve and nick will meet at 5 pm at nick's office and go swimming together . steve will take nick's stuff from his room . they will go for burgers at a new place afterwards .
venus failed her practical driving test . apollo will ask a driving instructor he knows to give her lessons .
jason and polly want to do some role play during their sexy time today . polly will be jason's dirty nurse .
agatha is unemployed , she thinks this job was a waste of time . maggie offers her to call maggie's recruiter . agatha and maggie are going to meet up at agatha's place at 8pm .
holly is gonna make waffles .
gary is going to give mark and sue a discount for shopping .
tom and his wife want to sell their apartment and get a new one . tom contacts diana . he describes his expectations . diana will help him and his wife organize the transactions .
joseph and donald believe they need another insurance . nancy and chuck disagree . eventually they abandon the idea .
emma has bought the red skirt from aubrey for 30 dollars .
angelica , roger and harriet will help sue organise this year's christmas fair . four children will also be involved as helpers on roger's suggestion . they are meeting on monday .
quentin has had another delivery and is organizing an unboxing at 8 pm tonight . he made an event on facebook and there will be 7 people . quentin will do some wine and cheese . tarquin will be there too . there might be about 200 books . quentin sold 30 and the rest went into the shop .
it's sunday . marcus and madeline still haven't gotten up from bed .
kelsey and saige went to a meeting last night . it was midweek . there were around 10 people there , who were mainly talking to each other . missy is planning a birthday party .
steve , brian , jane and charlotte are looking for a new worker from february . steve will call a guy who's sent them a resume even if they aren't convinced to hire him .
jon asks ally to delay the delivery from 12 o'clock to half 1 as he has to be in bicester at 11 . ally agree .
jen and angie are studying for the maths exam which is next tuesday .
monica has sent joanna the chicken recipe she used yesterday .
shaggy was a freelancer . maya wants to know more about it .
polly's looking for an inspiration to redecorate the living room . susan sent pictures of her eclectic living room . leah shared a photo of her minimalistic interiors .
jim will buy joel two chicken wings .
according to the reviews , the movie is not that good .
martin is going to lisbon this weekend for 4 days . he will get alex a bottle of dry vermouth .
dean tells james about the shakespeare project . one of the writers recreating shakespeare's works is jo nesbo james really likes .
dwayne is frustrated that british people are snobby and keep talking about the origin of the english language .
ea has cancelled its star wars game . kevin and bert do not like ea and disney . they are going to watch the three original star wars films at the weekend .
sonia is unhappy she has to work today until 4 . 30 . she will meet julia for coffee at henry's at 5 . julia wants them to have a window seat .
jennifer is graduating this year . william is graduating next year . he needs to retake some classes to get into law .
miles needs a mechanic's help with the automatic transition in his car . josh knows a good mechanic , who works at allforcars in the city center .
hector , walker and 3 other people will watch a champion's league match tonight at 8 45 . hector will bring the snacks . walker insists that hector should come an hour earlier .
linda bought a red dress at king's cross shopping mall . rhonda has to get something similar today .
joseph announced that the winner is gabriel .
luana is asking roy and tori for opinion .
r . city attended samantha's solo launch . samantha will probably see r . city soon .
dan forgot to buy the drinks and has to go shopping .
dan saw the doctor because he suspected cancer and his mother died of it . he should do regular check ups .
millie is coming home from work around 6 pm . ava will be waiting for her because she has lost her keys .
ryanair has changed it's policy . alicia is traveling to spain next month . backpacks in the size accepted by ryanair have been produced . alicia and laura are considering buying them .
lene's little baby is growing and is the size of a cherry now . she's feeling very emotional , but had no morning sickness . katrina's baby shower takes place tomorrow and lene won't be able to go as she has seminars all day . neither can marlena as she has lots of deadlines to finish .
ken's computer is in service . ken is going to upload some files to the server on miriam's computer .
jenny and lucy are going to a chinese restaurant to eat . they do not need to book a table . lucy will be at jenny's in 15 minutes .
rebecca , ben , harry , kelly , anna and will enjoyed last night .
irene wants to borrow this blue dress from lizzy as she has a date with james tonight .
alba and drew changed cafés and went to one called el pino . the café is located 50 m from the old one in the direction of the river . dani can see alba and drew .
george speaks french and translates information about a drug ursula takes . the drug is for cold . ursula should take 2 pills per day after lunch and shouldn't take it in the morning .
ala had her brother over for a weekend . they went to museum of polish vodka .
miranda will be ready in no more than 10 minutes .
summer is teaching erin english . erin has to cancel on summer today because she is sick . they will meet on tuesday before erin travels home on thursday .
ian waits for adam , who will show up in a couple of minutes .
helen will come to sarah at 2 30 today to see the puppies .
ryan can't come , because his dog isn't eating and he has to take it to the vet .
lisa has a terrible hangover . she needs painkillers . amy supposes the pain is caused by the alcohol . she will bring the pills .
albert and mary are in belgrade , but they haven't seen the city yet because they're jet lagged .
it's 11c at vesna's place . it's 14c at ost's place .
sophie has been crippled with sciatica for the past few days . charlie will call her from the shop to ask what she needs and he will do shopping for her .
marilyn , april , jack and pauline will meet at marylin's place to work on a project . they are going to order pizza . marilyn lives across the street from april .
matt is leaving for china on tuesday . he was supposed to go to mary's wedding with kelly . she asks jean to go with her , and he agrees . the wedding will take place on saturday .
janet was in court yesterday . her parents are getting divorced . neither she nor her sister testified . there's no sentence yet and there will be a mediator . it will probably take a few months . amy's parents also got divorced .
felix and robyn will see each other around 11 .
brenda doesn't like eddie's new band so doesn't want to go to their concert . alan will pick her up in 2 hours anyway .
cara lost all the contacts on her mobile phone .
john has to help his dad fixing a roof in the morning . charlie will pick him up to go surfing at 14 00 tomorrow . john wants to buy charlie's board but needs to try it out first . charlie's boss has been annoying lately . john works with his dad .
ramona is on holiday in venice now . fabian was on erasmus in padova , but visited venice several times . fabian recommends a pizza place in venice at ramona's request . it's raining .
melissa bought a beautiful and shiny thing .
tom and john will go to the shopping mall on tuesday morning to buy a new suit for tom .
adrianna went to sleep at 2 and doesn't want to wake up . declan will come to her in 25 minutes .
emily will be at josh's in 2 minutes .
flyers are playing against the canucks .
pam and sue are doing well . paula is healthy but had some incidents that she wants to discuss with them .
kelsie is in coimbra . she is travelling back to lisbon . donte doesn't have faver .
iris finds the new manageress bossy . steve claims that the manageress acts as she should act and she's an attractive woman which might be the reason iris is prejudiced against her . steve suggests that time will show what kind of boss the manager really is .
ed invited tina for dinner . he wants tom to leave the apartment for some time . he will pay him for it .
monica's nervous about not being contacted by him . in the end he writes to her .
sam is leah's former college student . he likes his university , flat and friends . he lived with some vegans before , but they moved out mid october . leah's college is hectic . sam is working hard , he has 3 deadlines this month and a job at the cinema . he's also an illustrator and designed a book cover .
waze is consuming batteries really fast .
nina and frank have been talking more since they had coffee together . helen notices they have been more active on facebook .
issac will not stop making noise because he has a lot of work to do today .
katya wishes marcin happy birthday and marcin wishes her a happy new year . zakharovs are sending their regards to marcin .
elizabeth found a flight to mallorca in february . the round trip ticket costs 30 dollars . tom is looking for something cheap on airbnb .
alexander admits hanna's right .
tom , amanda and alexis are going for a short trip to some thermal baths for the first weekend of january . they're going to rent a car , which should cost them about 30 for 5 days .
ben proposed to katie . he is trying to keep it a secret for a while . he will talk to donna later .
sandra and ashley are going to meet tomorrow at 7 at the starbuck at w 45th st to have breakfast and discuss the project . mark will join them later .
bruce worried that the dog is gone as the back door was left open . kate is walking him as she usually does on mondays .
martin recommends witcher 3 wild hunt . greg will buy it .
hank hasn't yet played the new dontnod game . it's their best game ever according to frank . better than life is strange . hank's going to play it all night long now .
kimberly and sierra are livid about smokers in public space . sierra's uncle is still a smoker despite a recently introduced cigarette tax .
george watched a dejan lovren snapchat video where he called spain players a bunch of pussies
ken will wait inside as jude needs 10 more minutes .
emily wants to learn spanish . ryan will help her . he is also learning french .
dad will wash taylor's car .
there are some new arrivals in the library , such as the companion about jewish history .
amka is doing a lot of student exchanges . mick isn't going to london due to his grandma's health so he's gonna stay in . amka never used to do anything for halloween .
liz's booked a stay in laurien in buxton's cottage starting from monday . laurien in buxton'll share the exact location of the cottage by whatsapp . the cottage is located 3 , 6 miles away from the local pub . once in the pub , liz should mention oldhagsboards to the publican to obtain precise directions .
natalie got into uoft for biochem and carleton for biomed and both with scholarship , which makes mom proud of her . they'll celebrate it with champagne this evening .
jashua sent gibraiel a link to the game they talked about at school .
fair woke play up at 10 am . play's neighbor left the water running . play went to bed 2 hours ago as he spent all night trying to stop the flood .
mike has picked too many apples . zelda will come over and take some apples for herself and for mom . to keep the extra apples for later , mike can make apple sauce . apple sauce can be stored in the freezer . it can be served as a side dish .
adrien has binge watched the crown . max finds it boring .
alan and drew are waiting for a decision about the house . alan feels their offer is better .
melanie enjoyed last nights episode of true detective .
elle quit her job because of some incidents with her boss . she is going to look for a new job .
kris is looking for podcasts to listen to . leigh recommends mark gungor . spotify has recently added podcasts to it's service . kris , leigh and sam haven't checked them out yet .
barry believes in god and follows the teachings of the bible . barry extends an invitation to heather to join the service this sunday .
dan will come to jack to play and his mum will get them mini choc rolls .
gene will pick up felicity at 7 . 30 to watch an oscar nominated polish movie cold war at 8 .
kim and mat are going to the new restaurant tonight . they are meeting at 5 . 30 .
jeff has a skin allergy . he doesn't take meds all the time . tina also has a skin allergy and she takes meds daily . she can call jeff if she has any questions .
gabriella got a new 2005 mercedes hatchback . derek and casey are going to cieszyn in 2 weeks . their children will train hockey there . gabriella will meet tasmin in berlin . gabriella bought her car for 10k on olx . she will show it to derek when they have lunch together .
the link to stephanie's video does not work .
monica won't come to work today as she needs to take her ill son to the doctor .
draco has seen his ex today and all his remaining feelings disappeared .
carter is not joining ivy and chloe due to a family reunion . carter's grandfather is very ill .
sammie's put the baubles very close to each other on the tree and ingrid decides to leave it like that for some time and then discuss it with sammie . noah prepared a creative version of the nativity which is different to the traditional one .
hugh had mic issues and trent had guitar issues at their show . it's the sound engineer's fault .
bonnie invites susan for her birthday on saturday at 8 . susan will come .
sophie lost her black top . jane took it and forgot to tell her . sophie is mad at her . jane is sorry .
tobi and maxx are going to a birthday party tomorrow .
clementine's cat jumped on the curtain .
bob is going to be late today . paul and tom will start setting things up before bob arrives .
there will be a contingency meeting at 3 pm on friday . lynn should get some info on the effects , colin will check ad agencies that could be helpful and bert will contact the lawyers .
sandy discovered chromatics on spotify and shares their music with luise and ray .
preston and dominick are coming to the extra knitting lessons . dominick has never had the patience for knitting , his grandma tried to teach him but he was hopeless .
michaela got scammed . somebody stole about 10 . 000 from her bank account by sending her a fake dhl link .
jim is selling his canvas prints for 45 each this week . tony needs 12 of them in the same design by this weekend . jim would charge him in terms of express service . tony will let him know by the end of the day if he decides to place the order .
josh is in barbados . he will send camilla an email about airbnb . camilla just returned from thailand . they both like it .
paul is not sure if he's going to rome or not .
jenny's has fallen out with claude . she's feeling blue .
maria and jamal visited taj mahal today . it's a mausoleum that an emperor commissioned for his wife mumtaz mahal .
nate's car has been damaged beyond repair . he needs a new one but cannot afford it at the moment .
mr . smith yelled at takashi who doesn't speak perfect english . lona and nat recon mr . smith had a bad day .
susan wants andy to visit her next week and promises to prepare andy's favorite chicken . susan wants andy to come with his girlfriend . andy will consider susan's requests .
tegan has received a friend request from paul's brother . valentia advised her not to accept it .
agnes is in the czech republic . she's renting a room in a tenement house . she'll probably eat ice cream today .
sean wants pieter to tell the student his application was accepted and pieter agrees .
renee advises gino on his outfit . renee is worried gino might look like a waiter . ultimately , gino will wear a white shirt , black trousers and brown shoes .
jude needs faith's credit card to pay the bills .
lois had to do some job under somebody's desk . she feels very uncomfortable about it .
eli is planning a surprise party for jeff at his house on his 35th birthday on december 18th . alison , nick , george , lisa and helen will attend . helen and george want to chip in for a gift for jeff . helen will bring sangria and old pictures .
kian's friends will order a pizza . david will have it after he comes back home .
melissa and tanner both like hawaian pizza a lot . melissa mentions that in poland people eat pizza with sauces . tanner tried it and liked it .
miles wants to take lydia to the movies so will call her in a sec to talk about it . ilona will her brother lydia's number .
bryan is going to meet stuart and kev in 5 minutes .
bob has been traveling to africa recently . he will meet with madeleine for dinner tomorrow to tell her an interesting story .
adrian is cominf to visit steven in january . they plan to get drunk . steven will see adrian for his birthday party on toonie tuesday . steven will wear red plaid .
catherine is bored and wants stefan to come get her .
mum's birthday is in two weeks . hilda , joseph and natasha are going to take mum to venice .
emma obtained the tickets for the next month's concert . she booked seats in the centre of the fourth row . jess offers to take care of the tickets due to emma's tendency to lose things . tickets are electronic , though and emma sends them to jess who'll print them .
terry , john and helmut are studying in denmark and they're pleased with that . liam's thinking about joining them there .
green wind turbines kill birds according to alex . alex wants lesley to sign the petition against them but she's not interested .
frank and suzanne are discussing tv series . suzanne has watched black mirror , it's her favourite . frank watched 3 episodes last night and can't wait to see season 2 . on frank's request , suzanne recommends other netlix series , such as stranger things or dark .
ruth's mom can't drive ruth and janet to steph's birthday . janet can't see ruth's italy pictures due to privacy settings . ruth made them so on purpose , but will change them for janet on monday .
emily is going to pour fuel in the generator because the red light is blinking . the fuel is in a diesel can left behind the door by michael .
meggy and brad's company is changing the office . therefore , the company started selling some furniture . brad would like to take the couch , but monica has already reserved it .
gia and mia are going to the family dinner , and they meet at 9 . gia and mia do not like family dinners , because they do not feel comfortable with meeting new people .
nate is lactose intolerant but loves milk . nate has found lactose free milk that tastes good .
kuba will join essa , katia and olia for the m a task . they will choose a company to work on . the deadline is in january . they have to write 11 pages paper for business ethics but there will be no exam . the teacher will give the topics before the winter break .
olek made a reservation at pops for him and veronica .
hugh and scarlett's relationship is struggling . hugh wants to end it , but scarlett suggests that there are still some options like therapy .
the exhibition's ending tomorrow , so if dino , jeff and jerry want to see it , today's their last chance .
carl and martha are about to see a movie in a theater . martha is buying popcorn .
linette and beryl are planning a surprise birthday party for him . beryl will come to linette's apartment to discuss it .
rosalie will make spiced spaghetti .
lukas sends hannah a shopping list for groceries , some sweets and two beers . hannah will buy them on her way home .
ollie gets birthday wishes from elisa , fran , george and remi . he hopes to see them all on friday .
elizabeth will hide a present for joshua's father under joshua's bed .
brooke wears a brooch in the office that she inherited from her grandmother . lidia and brooke will meet in the kitchen in 5 minutes to go for a cup of coffee .
penny will wear some black dress for the company dinner .
lily is visiting berlin . james waters her palm every sunday .
new coach has come with new ideas but after first few games he is judged poorly by owen and elijah .
oli will come to walk lia home in 10 minutes .
nathan has a sorting job in the post office this week . after christmas , he will have a project 'home for the holidays' , which will include taking photos of his grandparents . they are in the nursing home and their house is being sold . nathan and kirsty will meet at the shop at 10 to have burgers .
the leader of their nation decided to build a 2k miles long wall on border .
aiden taught his dogs lassie and dori some tricks . lassie learnt quicker , dori needed more snacks . aiden is thinking of entering this town summer contest . it's only november , so he has plenty of time to practise with the dogs .
arman is on his way to sarah , but he will be late due to plane icing . the passengers are redirected from the plan back to the airport .
jill s neighbours from upstairs are having loud sex . jack will know how his meeting went tomorrow as they need to sleep on it .
roy can't find his blue shirt as it's at the dry cleaner's . upon denise's advice , he'll take the grey one with him .
ross has broken his leg when playing with brian .
patrick met a woman on a flight and chatted with her during the whole flight .
stan is stuck in a traffic jam .
erin called the fabric shop . she didn't like the fact that it was a man who answered the phone .
paul and copper will meet at 4 instead of 3 today .
juan is almost 45 minutes late . he'll be there in 15 minutes .
helen finds dan appealing because he was nice to her lately . but dan likes ashley more than helen . angelina will tell helen how to change that tomorrow .
amelia has to cancel the meeting because her car broke down . the help is on their way . amelia and isla are going to meet another day .
constance paid for water and internet , but sheldon forgot to pay for electricity , but he'll wire transfer the money right now .
joanna , isaac and yasmin will meet up next week .
john wants to go on a trip next year . he and ewan are following a blog of a person who travels to remote islands .
dorothy has been looking for a job and sending a hundred cvs a day even when she doesn't meet the criteria . she hopes for a 10 response rate .
amy's going to bed .
jacek will check his girlfriend's phone for the pictures from yesterday and will let asia and filip know .
patricia and edgar have a conversation about animal abuse . they both deplore it .
rita'll prepare scrambled eggs for lidia .
tara , lia , sara and tom will order some burgers from 'off the hook' .
hannah and sylvia heard of arbonne cosmetics which is direct selling , but they prefer to go to rossmann where they can touch and see eveything before they buy it .
eleonor is moving to barcelona . stef is still in munich . stef gave eleonor's address to a friend . eleonor met that friend and enjoyed it . eleonor asks stef if she has more information on a certain topic . stef asks around and sends eleonor her friend's opinion on that matter .
sweeny asks donna about the chord to cocaine .
beccy had a terrible trip , because she didn't have a seat on the train . robert had travelled in china 10 hours without a seat .
jemma found a good deal for winter holidays . ski passes are included in the price . dottie is interested to join her .
olivia informs lilly that she's running late due to problems with diarrhea and lily is not ok with it as she's freezing and wondering what she's going to tell josh .
anna can't find her red brush , and mary saw it in the bathroom .
david and jack think newborn babies are ugly . they dislike the fact that parents so often share their babies' pictures via social media .
jose's bus is running 4 minutes late .
jason thinks because of lack of computer skills a lot of people are excluded from possibility of being recruited to work . bob and mark are skeptical . jason is thinking of creating an app to ease the process of creating a resume .
nick decided to buy an induction hob .
tom wants to borrow alan's car but alan needs to ask sally first .
lola put the garage key in the hall cupboard , in the top drawer .
claire would like to go out with pete , but she needs to study .
don doesn't want anything special for christmas . he would like to spend some time with june .
garry sends olivia and idan the recipe which olivia requested .
jeremy , emma and julia are still riding their bikes . they're close to nuoro now . julia was sick , so they had to slow down for a few days . they're not coming back to cagliari , which is a pity for stefano . they'll take a ferry from olbia to tuscany and fly to the uk from there .
luke and henry are unhappy about people being on a crusade against the anime , this time the rise of the shield hero .
harry fed the cat two sachets of food . according to tom , the cat looks hungry . harry allows to feed him in two hours .
nicole took in a puppy and named it sassy . according to the previous owner he is going to be medium big . frank will come and see nicole's puppy tomorrow .
anya will order some two portions of california tempura and salmon rolls and some chao chao rice for 19 00 . june will arrive home at 19 30 .
ken and jacob agree they should apologize to them and want to send an email . will disagrees with them . he will quickly think of another solution .
paul and martin can't go for a drink with jamie after work due to family obligations .
jane is standing in a huge line . rudolph and eve will join her in a minute . micah says they are two streets away .
alice really likes a maternity photo shoot she's seen and so do her friends .
greg is not feeling well but does not want anna to come over .
keanu is sad because his date didn't show up . he drank his coffee and went home to cry .
anette and kim are going out to have a pizza with their children on sunday . anette will make a reservation at gianni's for 3 pm .
dean wants to see a movie with his girlfriend rory , but she's studying hard for her exams . he's angry with rory for focusing just on her study and not him , and they argue .
mike wants to go out with suzie but she refuses .
jacob's coming home in 10 minutes . dinner's almost ready .
benjamin wants to start a book club . ashley wants to be the co chair .
madelene and john will have pizza and prosecco at the usual place at 5 pm .
mia is sick . james will bring mac cheese to comfort her .
joe will be late because of traffic .
donna and ben will go to ari's concert in berlin . the ticket costs around 120 euros .
kim is going backpacking through europe for a month . she will stay at her mom's friend's place in paris for two weeks . kerri recons the louvre is a must .
fish and babe are going to a pub for karaoke night at the weekend .
marisa and luke can't find the presentations they need for tomorrow's test . someone deleted them by accident and they ended up in trash .
luke grew an avocado out of the stone once . he also grew grapefruits , oranges , lemons . once he shitted in a yucca plant pot belonging to his neighbor and he covered it with other soil . then tomatoes grew out of the pot and the neighbor ate them .
grace is on holiday on the french riviera .
dave wonders why christianity appeared to be the most powerful religion in the world . lukas tries to answer dave's questions by explaining the historical background of christian expansion .
wilfred's got randall's video . paige and finch find it disguising . randall reckons it's fake .
brendan is not satisfied with his photos' quality after compression .
nevaeh is seeing gavin on tuesday at around 15 . 30 .
maria will bring apertiff to domi , who's having a barbeque tonight . there will also be ariane and her family .
buba is choosing a dress for a christmas party at work . esther suggests the one with pockets . vanessa thinks the first one is the best with some accessories .
mary is in the bathroom .
brian will go to trader joe's to buy chocolate almonds for rachel . they will make chicken parmesan for dinner .
tom and paul registered for a marathon , but they don't want to participate in it anymore .
fred's car is broken badly . julius will see fred at his place at 8 tonight to cheer him up .
erica needs free jars to try mariekondo method . nicole and ingrid don't have any , but ingrid will pick a glass jar next time she buys ketchup .
noah did not treat bianca well the other time .
joe got married but they split so he is back in newport . kelly works in the bank and is hoping for promotion . joe will pop into the bank on friday and they go out for a drink .
scott and john will meet at 7 . 30 at oculus .
ian has two free tickets for meru . gus considers it to be the best movie about climbing . ian and gus will meet at clyde's pub at 8 pm .
the video of tom and kate , and the one called trial02 are both public .
jonathan and brenda are coming to walter and martha this afternoon . walter will buy some fruits , because brenda is allergic to gluten .
according to enrique's adivce , travis shouldn't try the stuff alvin made last night .
tonight johny will come to max's place at 5 pm , and they will go play some pool at 6 .
jeremy , jake and joselyn won't have classes because professor xavier broke his leg and is absent .
hellen congratulates xenna on her imminent marriage .
hartley is looking for a good app to learn spanish . burbank tells hartley to ask louise . draper has a course of italian .
judith can't meet max because of work . max and judith have been together for 3 months . max earns good money despite not working many hours .
luke has spent the whole day on watching youtube videos . chris has been programming , because he has a potential client coming tomorrow . zack is leaving work in february . luke is not going to the pub , because he will be watching a football match tonight .
mitchel needs to send pansy his home address to book the flight .
mom is calling george to come for supper . he's coming now .
jessica's bought a new yellow jacket in a new shop around the corner .
justin is volunteering at the soup kitchen for the homeless . max will be there to help out in around 40 minutes .
eamon and norman are very excited about the new case . eamon will pick up norman later to go to the store .
william doesn't have emma's notes . she'll ask ethan .
louise's friend ann is pregnant and invited her to a baby shower . louise doesn't want to go because she hasn't seen ann for ages . ann doesn't seem to be getting married .
jessica will make corn muffins using the jiffy mix for the thursday breakfast . she might add some bacon , jalapeno , and cheese to the muffins .
kevin feels tired . there was a time switch last night .
there was a storm last night . jamal lost the power for a couple of hours and his garden is wrecked . it's still raining where carrie lives .
trey helped his brother to make an rc car last night and lyric is asking if he can do that for her , too .
carl thinks the man is disgusting . sam read he got cleared by a judge .
charlotte is moving from her apartment . frederic and emanuel offer her some help . they will meet at 8pm .
ralph is going to sheffield for a business meeting . felix suggests ralph visits sam but he lives too far away . felix's grandpa used to own a small pub . agnes reckons people knew how to have fun back then but brittany thinks we do as well .
training starts at 6 30 . larry reminds jerry about taking clothes for dryland training .
kim has a new dress .
emma is upset because she has found many gray hairs today .
sally and molly possibly played in the mud and got to parent's bedroom , where they made a mess . randy will start cleaning and natalie will join him as soon as she can , because parents might be here any minute .
julia is looking for the song that adam played yesterday . he provides a link to the song . adam is happy with how youtube autoplay function works .
carol is going to the hospital in an hour and will pick up andy . andy is getting ready now .
matt will finish at 2 . lizzy will get home on her own .
sara and greg are meeting outside in 5 minutes .
lily had nice time at rosa's yesterday .
sam is bored and cannot focus on studies .
orion's partner cheated on him . orion's rat has died .
billy has been looking for a movie called enter the void . will has seen it three times .
todd will come to peter's place to borrow his sleeping bag at 8 pm tomorrow . they will drink beer .
ronald left the meeting yesterday because his boss annoyed him . ronald will apologize to the boss .
ioanna starts a new work today .
chloe will be late , as charlotte reports . amber and charlotte are stuck in the traffic jam .
lawrence will visit papa tonight after jogging before seven , papa will prepare something to eat . papa's leaving on wednesday , so he'll go with lawrence and pat for a brunch at schlosscafe at 12 on sunday . lawrence will call pat .
jimmy wants to go out for the stand up with kris . kris is fighting bad with cathy lately . kris has been working lots and kathy is alone with kids . kris and jimmy need a break so jimmy will watch the kids .
olivia and diego can't log into the system . the same problem appeared last night . michal checks the problem . the problem has been fixed .
john will buy the goat cheese tracy liked , milk , a couple of grainy rolls , and tissues .
zara has lost the earring , which stanley gave her for birthday , when she was at the swimming pool .
megan will not come to work today because she is sick . alessandra needs megan to sign papers . megan will sign the papers on friday .
harry will be in luxembourg from 5 until 15 july . adrian and ian will be happy to meet . audrey is on holiday until 12 july , she will get in touch with harry when she's back in town .
paul has sent lee a movie . lee is going to buy it now and inform paul .
diana wants max to meet her parents . he thinks it's too early .
veronica and megan postpone their meeting with other girls till next friday because kate is unavailable this friday . there is variety of bars in down street . megan does not know where negroni is served .
jake has a box full of old cables and is reluctant to throw it out , even though he feels he should . kevin's father has the same issue . jake feels the urge to connect all his electronic devices to each other .
brad , hank and gary are watching a match . one of the players is having an amazing game .
ann saw the interview with kit harrington and it was hysterical to terry .
howard is waiting at the top of the stairs . stephanie has to cross the street . stephanie will see howard in two mins .
jenny is in town but she's busy with the baby . she's not going to baptise it .
matt , anton and paul are discussion their dislike of theresa may and her negotiations regarding brexit .
louise and sue are arranging another driving course for louise . louise would like 2 half day drives with the same tutor and prefers weekends . sue will contact the tutor about the dates and will get back to louise with a text and an e mail .
emily had a root canal and it hurts her . she's going to take some days off from work and relax .
john can't talk at the moment as he is in a meeting . john doesn't know when the meeting is going to end . mike needs to speak to john tonight . john will try to call mike when he's free .
anna is angry as tom hasn't changed stevie's diaper for the whole day . lisa thinks anna should talk to tom about his general attitude . lisa and anna want to go to a spa for a day at the weekend . lisa suggests leaving stevie with anna's sister . lisa will call the dream spa today .
libbie asks jean to help her with chemistry . jean agrees .
the wedding was normal and she looked wonderful . jim did not get too drunk and he behaved well . the party was good and kate came back home at 6 am .
cinthia is grounded for not taking care of her younger sister properly . cinthia's sister got burned while cinthia was watching tv . tom feels sorry for cinthia's sister but cinthia feels sorry for herself .
blake didn't like the queen's message during christmas .
ian and paula won't meet , as too many people can't come .
johnny hasn't finished reading agatha's book yet .
betty warned steven about some cancer causing part of his diet . he refuses to avoid it .
matthew asks harley , david , dylan and toby to vote for his project . they do it .
maria is buying new glasses . terry and jenny liked them .
victor and diego will come to mohamed for dinner . he's cooking some lebanese food .
britta will send emir etna's 2017 financial statement in english .
victor and david are unhappy with the increase in prices at their gym . victor is going to try to find something closer to work , whereas david will stick to this gym as long as the prices won't increase once again .
adele and maia are sick . maia had 39c fever at night and adele couldn't sleep because of coughing . kate offers mike's help , but adele declines , as peter is coming back this afternoon to take care of them . kate hates her job . she will update her linkedin profile and start looking for a new one .
dona will come with henry to his friends' house party for new year's eve .
the biology assignment is due on monday , which mick is not happy about .
bonnie will give kim her pink sweater back .
eric will pick eve from college green .
sis ignored jane because she was watching series . she used up all of her points and cannot watch it anymore . her friend shared his account with her . now she can watch one episode more .
karin , cheryl , jennifer , kevin and ann are attending a conference which starts in an hour . jennifer is going to be late . everybody is going to wait for her at the marriott hotel and eat something together . cheryl is already at the hotel working at the registration .
elijah is an instructor of the sailing course . the meeting with participants is on monday , 6 p . m . in room 12 . luis and abel ask him about organisational matters .
kylie was at the hairdresser called barber shop , her hair was done by jake . the hairdresser where she bleached her hair is called hair point .
clare congratulated estera on her wedding .
there are heatwaves in australia . it's over 30 degrees where resa stays . bill will have an mri scan soon . he declined to look for medical help before . bill can't hear properly .
ian is ready for his early morning flight . anna , oliver , alan and kelly all hope it's going to be fine .
emma has the flu .
ula feels humiliated by the behaviour of molly at the school . molly promises to make up for it , she invites ula for ice cream . ula will be around 7eleven at 12 .
marge is not able to come today . she will call grace tomorrow .
gordon has bought his first car and shows it to leo .
gail hasn't heard about game of thrones . kyle recommended watching it . george r . r . martin is the author of the books the series is based on . kyle sent gail the link where he can watch the series .
dylan and tyler will go to a pub and watch a football match tomorrow .
deryl wants to stay in the city for christmas instead of visiting mum and dad . he might have sushi with friends . joan wants to join them on boxing day .
ted , gloria and frank are having a typology test tomorrow .
ann goes to new yoga classes . amy agreed to join her . ann will lend her a mat as she has two . the next class is on thursday at 6 pm .
in the air by phil collins is the song that jack mentioned today .
miles and dax are having dad's chicken wings tonight .
mark came back from india . mark and susan will meet at costa at 6 pm on tuesday .
beau is going to spend summer in australia . ashley liked sydney and urulu a lot . the round trip with qantaslink airline cost her up to 300 canadian dollars .
blaire won't give tom a chance as he's not her type .
chase has taken up baking bread . ronald is going to visit him later tonight to try some bread and learn the recipe .
ruth got back with matthew because he was in town .
hal is in paris , the weather is windy and rainy . he will come next week for holidays . sergio , his neighbor will open the house and switch on the heater . the instructions are in the cellar . sergio didn't manage to switch on the boiler . hal's plumber will come the day after tomorrow at 7 30 am .
scarlet wants to buy a new bag . lidsay and lisa advise her to take the one which costs 20 .
tim will work this weekend , but paula and rosa will meet for a girls night with coctails .
irene won't join john and his companions as she is saving money for a trip to spain in may .
claire may be pregnant . she doesn't want to have a baby yet . she asks hannah not to tell peter about it and to go to the doctor with her .
abby is going out with her girls this weekend . ollie wants to go out but nobody invited him . ollie will text abby about going out next weekend .
therese , janusz and andy are meeting tomorrow . janusz brought some sausages and kaszanka from poland , but andy doesn't want to eat it .
margaret's sister said that her dress for the office christmas party is too revealing . her boss and his wife are going to be there . she considers wearing another dress .
tom will contact oliver after finishing new horror action game .
chris is on the way from the krakow airport to the hotel .
sara will bring geoff steve's report on emerging trends and a coffee .
nina is at m5 , she is having a lunch break , then she will go to b d . they are her last client today . she also needs to write a report following the new regulations .
ava did a new painting with some help from her elder brother . noah will study it when visiting ava .
steve will report one of his colleagues for what he posted on his wall .
sarah is reading a book and watching tv . gina will join her with some prosecco .
isabelle is attracted to last night's party guest .
peter will borrow hugh's car .
allison will buy air pods for xavi .
tina is at the lecture right now . elsa woke up late and won't come to class now . elsa asks tina to record the lecture .
the cowboys are winning the game derek , selma and alonso are watching . it's one of their best games recently .
george has been preparing a week for the exam , and phil , three days .
jen is going shopping tomorrow . lea can't go with her as she has to prepare for wednesday classes .
eliza doesn't sleep well . eliza is going to try some tea , natural remedies and yoga . tyler stopped watching tv before bed but eliza doesn't want to try it for now .
drake has reached the summit .
jim incorrectly added british museum to the event info and wrongly send it through fb , twitter and mailing list . violet might send a correction message to all interested .
sebastian and betty haven't talked for a long time . betty thought sebastian doesn't want to talk to her anymore . sebastian's coming to paris next week . they decided to meet on tuesday .
karolina has started a new year at college . she stays in a cheap apartment , but the landlord needs the flat for his son , who comes back from another country . karolina is worried about it . she studies in stanford , the same place as jack's sister , who may have a room for rent . jack will contact them .
the boat leaves at 9 . 00 but alex and ben should be there at 8 . 30 .
aryana will pick up some holly from eva . sandra will drop denise off at 12 tomorrow and james is happy to have her , just like the last time .
john and ellis are in queensland with children . they rented a suv and they are currently visiting fraser island .
catherine wants to change her lifestyle .
fiona and george are pondering upon kitchen design . fiona really wants an island . george is ok with the idea .
kate is looking for chris . jack texted tim to let him know him and chris went to another bar .
dan is unsure about participating in eve's project . it's about the money and time . eve promises to pay him something after she secures the funds .
ryan hates his boss . the boss yelled at a guy in front of everyone .
dave is meeting seth at the front in a second .
jason will get home asap as his dad is angry . mom cooked pasta with spinach .
chen started learning german . it's easier for him than italian .
bonnie is drinking at marco's bar with lola and abbie . kyle will come to collect her .
sandra is angry at jimmy for holding hands with another girl .
jason is looking for kaka . he must be in the ground playing football . jason and molly will see each other later . jason is going to the ground now .
donna tells wesley that she will pick him up today 15 min later .
bob and denis suggest to claire replying to a spam email .
brian needs two more weeks to finish the text , but has to work faster due to one of the sponsors pulling back . brian was unaware of that fact , because of a malfunctioning mailbox . joan is expecting a baby and will only represent brian for another six months . joan will find a replacement for brian .
val will check the tyre pressure , as reminded by jim .
elton will wash colours because martha needs her green dress for thursday .
william was at the awful and unpleasant meeting in the office . david is looking for a new job . they both don't feel well with the present situation .
marisa and amelia haven't contacted nicole for a while . amelia and nicole's friendship has been turbulent and they're not best friends anymore . nicole hangs out with other girls . amelia and marisa will go out on saturday .
ian and kevin's brother want to buy tickets from ursula for kevin hart .
audrey is after a tv series to watch and tony recommends lucifer . jessica confirms it is worth watching . they decide to watch series 4 together when it comes out . tony sends audrey the files for the first 3 series .
lucas started a job at deliveroo yesterday .
mike apologized to tracy for the things he said when he was upset .
noah has a new big tattoo .
beth has been working a lot lately , she'll be working on christmas and on new year's day too , she has almost no free time , but at least the salary is good . she's thinking about a new job . jenny works at samuel's and she likes her job . they will try to meet for coffee when beth has the time .
james wants to buy a new tv . john recommends him samsung or sony .
david had a dream about polly and supria and their school .
wojtek and will are going for holidays to eritrea . they're leaving on 7 april . it's quite expensive because everything is controlled there and tourists can travel only with a local travel agency .
james is renting a yacht in croatia . he wants to know if andy would be interested in joining them . amy , josh , patrick and laura are going with james . they are going by car .
rebecca and thomas are in bangkok . they enjoy their journey . amanda is jealous . she considers bangkok an interesting city .
jenny will try to go to a gang meeting that will take place tonight at 8 p . m . at ricky's . sarah thought that lexie had told jenny about the meeting .
dana will join marge at the cat shelter this friday . marge wants to adopt max .
billy is in iceland 50 km away from reykjavik . it's too much snow to hike so billy started knitting . billy is making a scarf . sheila has been to reykjavik .
regina and jorge are at the airport waiting for k . they will meet at the arrivals .
karen has just started reading the novel . karen has had the novel for a month . karen is very busy . gibrael will read the book in a week and then give it back to karen . karen will give the novel to gibrael tomorrow in college .
dayna discovers kim's second profile with awkward pictures . they miss each other .
laura is in granada , she will remain there until january 6th . laura and jerry have to stay and work .
there is no solution to populism , tabloidisation and fake news industry . people don't read longer messages , they don't focus on facts and they can be easily manipulated .
seth's pc doesn't work so he needs help . rory suggests resetting the memory sticks . albert suggests trying different combinations of slots .
brenda has become a grandmother . she will run 5k tomorrow and the next day .
ela will be late and vince will order pizza and orange juice for her .
robin will talk to tom later because he has a birthday today .
sam ordered tacitos , hash browns , coffee and orange juice for breakfast for him and anna . he's just got the order and anna is already waiting for him at the door .
odin will help matilda to get prepared for their math test taking place in two days .
kayla's birthday is this friday . jeff and tom decide to buy her a necklace on line from the jewelry producer she likes and split the cost .
lucas and andy will see alita tomorrow at 8 pm at the cinema . lucas is excited about the upcoming movies avengers endgame and captain marvel .
melanie doesn't have a cat even though she poses with one in her profile picture . billy has a sphynx banshee that is very intelligent and mean at the same time .
brett sends ilya the agenda for today . there is a conference call at 9 with the generosity foundation regarding grant application . the company christmas party has been postponed to thursday .
peter is texting dorothy at 11 p . m . on saturday after not talking to her for weeks , and she reckons he needs to try harder if he wants to go to bed with her .
saskia is on her own tonight as adam's gone to doncaster ti check out a kebab van . she doesn't want to go out so fred invites her in . saskia and fred miss paddy . saskia will bring dessert .
tony and mary have just arrived in bsb . they will have lunch with mike at the high frequency cafe .
lily and sandra are meeting to cheer lily up .
arthur sent a file .
sam and ben , who works at a bank , will meet over a beer as sam needs help with getting a line of credit for his new business and he was already rejected twice .
adam is still at class , which he finds very boring .
may sends an embarrassing photo of herself to gabe , claire and peter by accident . gabe , claire and peter think may looks great .
mike proposed to christina . eva congratulates her .
samuel is going to send freddie group and solo photos again .
branden is angry because he lost the money and the game . suki tells him how to change the strategy and win .
olivia and susan haven't seen baby . victoria watched 3 episodes and liked them . susan doesn't have netflix . she will ask jack if he has a free profile .
john and pesh are going to chaka ranch for a date next weekend .
the door code is the apartment number followed by the key button followed by 4537 . the entry phone calls the apartment 3 seconds after pushing the apartment number . the apartment is on the 3rd floor .
oti will buy a 100 gift card for sharon tomorrow . florence and brittany will him cash on friday .
wayne forgot the password for the company shared folder . jason helps him .
isho owns trevor 35 dollars . he plans to give it back in a few days .
amy has sent leah a video about corporate food . leah hasn't watched it yet .
emily kept some information from her sister lorelai . they are arguing because of it .
chris invited jordan to a surprise date on saturday . michelle and lee are excited .
anna is organizing a christmas party on 21st of december and wants george to come . george will come and help with the cooking . anna invites sofia as well , to george's delight .
matthew spencer asks johnathan o'neil if his company sells hp envy 15x360 laptops . johnathan o'neil denies .
isaiah has undergone an appendix removal surgery . he's in hospital now . anthony will visit him .
anna is going to vail with ursula and her family in february . jason is going to thailand in february .
lidia is busy at the moment , so paul should write or call her in an hour .
monica has left the iron on , but mark put it away before leaving .
gordon is eating breakfast at mat's . terry is going to meet him there to give him the money back .
maya will send addie the list of cosmetics she picked online and addie will buy them today in the store .
sue is drinking milk with garlic and using a eucalyptus rub because she is sick . lucy suggests drinking hot water with anti inflammatory turmeric , ginger , and honey .
on saturday matthew will be available after 6 pm , when his training finishes . matthew will call alice tomorrow afternoon to set their appointment .
david will wait for maurice and robert outside the club .
the next aseees conference takes place in san francisco .
maria wants to know if john is feeling well after yesterday's party . he was drunk but was not saying anything bad , or at least untrue according to maria .
brad's brother is on tv . romy is interested in becoming his girlfriend .
as part of his school work , amos asks timothy who would be the ideal president of the usa . for timothy , it would be trump because he's tough and can fight problems .
david and tom's internet works well , so peter will come over .
louise is thinking of leaving the job at marks spencer . sylvia sent louise a copy of her resignation letter . sylvia's found a new job at the body shop . louise is considering applying to amazon .
felix is sorry that he could not be more involved in the project . felix was doing work for his department instead .
phillip and alice saw the new hp film yesterday . she liked it more than him . eve is going to see it with friends from studies on saturday at 16 50 . carla will join them . alice can't go because she is going to the wedding .
mackenzie bought her dad a stan getz cd . she advises jack to buy him a fondue set .
hannah encourages lexi to come this evening . lexi is not in the mood for socializing .
anna is going to make a cheesecake for the saturday party . paul plans on baking cookies . anna warns him not to use bananas as madelene is allergic to them .
blake is taking shirley for dinner tomorrow . they will have lobster . blake has never eaten it .
esme got her nails done . she paid 42 and gave a tip . they last 3 weeks . she chose white color with glitter .
gill studied hard for the exam and she's disappointed she will not get an a .
jill has delivered a baby . she wants ellie to visit her .
elizabeth encourages phillip to learn playing the violin .
nadia is doing her hair . nadia and lucia will meet at pep's at 9 .
anne has booked the big table next to the bar for 7 pm on saturday . the table next to the front window has already been reserved .
frank and francis have their birthday . kate will be in 2 hours .
they are going to see each other at the italian course .
anne wants to take her cousine from italy to somewhere nice in london . angelo's , toff's , yori , soho or street food on brick lane or borough's market are being suggested . sarah will join them if they are going to hummingbird .
billie is panicking about what he will tell nino when he meets him tomorrow . toby believes he's exaggerating .
kleo needs a red dress for a performance . kinga agreed to lend one of her dresses to kleo , but she will give it to her on saturday .
leah met zachary on tinder and is going to his place tonight at 9 with a bottle of wine .
the meeting is scheduled at 9 am in suite 103 .
mark had a business meeting with his new boss susana at the club yesterday . henry wishes he had such a hot boss .
allison is taking a taxi from her office to the emergency , as tommy fell off the monkey bars .
hernandez is full because he ate too much .
anne suggested dinner at her place tomorrow . kyle is not going to make it before 8 30 due to work and traffic . he doesn't eat meat which is not a problem for anne .
love actually is on channel 4 right now . sandy and joanna are watching it .
olivia has found a new group of kpop dance .
norman is not part of aiesec . he was part of aiesec last year . aiesec used to be better . kyle is egoistic and now norman doesn't have friends in aiesec . kyle had a great time on aiesec last year . ashley hates egoistic people .
lily was supposed to be picked up and she had to wait two hours . he didn't turn up though because his bike was punctured . she was trying to call him but he left his phone at home . now he's saying sorry to lilly .
lena will prepare a new scheme of work and consult it with simon and josh as the kids have troubles comprehending some parts of it and have complained to lena .
tanvi , peadar , anette and helen are going to meet on saturday , most probably at 7 . 30 at darwin . thomas is in london , so he will not join them .
he deserves respect from arsenal fans , because he's a top scorer in europe .
daniele thinks david has taken her book but it was philippe who took it .
colton's team won 98 95 .
noah is going to watch the second season of gravity falls . emma thinks the second season is as good as the first one . damian likes gravity falls too .
gemma has trouble breathing . she has already seen her general practitioner in order to get a referral to a laryngologist .
martha will be in cracow on thursday morning and will stay there until friday afternoon .
donald trump revealed a plan to help pakistan . this friday he will give a speech . ann won't be able to listen . camilo will watch it on yt later . ann and camilo will meet in college tomorrow .
max and leah have feelings for each other . max prefers not to do anything because he's married to amy .
isla thinks brexit is going to happen . there are issues that they still need to settle before brexit . isla thinks turkey shouldn't be in the eu . isla's family is from turkey .
theodor has a night duty and he will go home late today . amilie is angry , because theodor has night duty several times a month and most of the time his supervisor do not tell him about it in advance .
monica is waiting for lexie .
ulia wants to see a football game with jerry tonight , but he is not a football fan .
pam is done with the report . she should send it to mr . hendricks at a . hendricks asterix . com .
jim will know before the weekend if he can come before christmas or on the 26th or later . eva can pick him up at the airport if he comes before christmas .
jeremy and maria are going to wait for martha in the pizzeria inside the mall . martha and jeremy are hungry . martha is going to be in 10 minutes . maria will take only one slice of pizza .
mike has a date with mary tonight and he needs to borrow ian's car .
akira is at the airport standing in line at the luggage dropoff . yasujirō is getting out of his cab and will join akira shortly . yasujirō overpacked his luggage last time .
peterson sends philipa a photo of his assistant and she finds the assistant cute .
marion and rita agree to take turns driving each other to the concert hall . next concert is on the 12th of november and rita will drive . she will also bring her son along . they will be in touch for details a day or two before the concert .
caroline got negative results . she is relieved .
marge's trip is great . the weather is perfect . frank is crazy about the food . he wants marge to accompany him on every trip to the city centre . she would prefer to stay at the beach with a book . camilla's staying alone today because harry's gone fishing . she's going to do some shopping .
alan isn't sure if a 10 tip is enough in ny . josephine usually tips minimum 15 , jay and melissa more than 20 . many ny waiters don't get regular wages or don't have health insurance so they have to rely on tips as only income .
sarah and lucas watched stranger things and they like the 80's convention . netflix will play the 3rd season .
yvonne is trying to reach her dad to let him know to come at 5 instead of 4 as no one will be in . as she nor iona can reach him , she will leave a key with the neighbours and a note on the door .
tom is thinking of getting a new car . long term rental may be a good option for him .
steve is never going to watch a movie by woody allen again .
mark has been to paris twice and liked combinations of wine and cheese . josh doesn't like food very much , he's a great fan of sports .
megan would like to borrow dylan's mystery of the abbey game . dylan is ok with this .
ben has a new phone number .
nestor wants to take a lot of classes this semester . aida advises nestor to focus on essentials . they dislike the grading system . aida listens to ludmilla to improve her portuguese . nestor recommends pablo vittar .
lisa organises a school reunion on the 20th of june .
the departmental meeting about finance is taking place in the emerald room at 7 pm today .
carolyn and jon are discussing a plot twist in a movie . carolyn is unsure how she feels about it .
henry fox invites william field to join him and lily baumer for a visit to the fondation beyeler . they will meet next wednesday at 10 15 at henry fox's house . henry fox will drive them to the museum . after the visit , they will go to a restaurant called vitra , located on the german side .
naomi won't go to the meeting after school because tyler is sick and she will watch over him . he might get better till thursday or friday . xand will miss him at school .
lucy spat on james in front of the university .
clark and louise are john cage's fans . they will meet at the tribute concert on saturday . louise already has her ticket .
courtney did her first 20 miles ride yesterday . she ate a bug . younes and courtney will see at the meet up .
pamela is giving ben socks and perfume this year . mary gave him some perfume last year , and now she's looking for a last minute gift inspiration .
savannah had a nice meeting with jordan but she's looking for something else .
maya is going to wait for natalie and richard as long as it'll take .
amanda , celine and robert have a biology test next tuesday so they have a week to study . nick will study one day before as he always gets an ''a'' .
sue does no longer want to go out and invites adam to join her at her house .
louise organizes a school reunion on a weekend . morgan can't come because she is getting married .
dan and ian comment on football games . they like eden hazard the most .
misty thinks any march is ok if it has a purpose and is done right . ben admires his friend's bravery as she's a wheelchair user . rebecca would never take part in such a thing . rebecca , misty and ben want to meet up on wednesday .
abigail argued with her mother . she is furious , because abigail and josh got engaged . george will drop by and spend time with abigail .
the girl to paul's right is attractive . paul might try flirting with her , although he's not sure , as she has already slept with chaz the other night .
eva signed the agreement . she and mat are getting married . they will organize the housewarming party in their new flat .
jim will create two deadline alerts one for the selection of the topic and one for posting an article on the blog . he will also make editable notes of both and share them with everyone .
lisa is horrified because there is some animal above the kitchen celiling . she will barricade the door , bring wine and wait till paul will come over .
michael spent an hour waiting for chase who did not show up .
ela just gave birth to a boy . rose will visit them shortly .
alex lands on saturday , 22 december , at 6 am . alex will want to sleep when he arrives .
carson wants trojanski go and accompany him while smoking even though trojanski doesn't smoke .
emily sends savannah a link to a comedy video .
according to seth , they overpay seth sanchez for playng for manchester united .
dorothy is still mad at ron . tim understands dorothy .
carson has finished the assignment that has to be handed it by the end of the class . ian is still working on it and trevor plans on doing it during the class .
dean's office is going to sign mike up for classes . it is more convenient for the office as the group is only 12 students .
larry enjoyed the live concert of uriah heep .
nick wants kate to be his plus one on his friend's wedding .
justin will pick cecilia up at noon today and they will go for lunch .
alex is staying with gil in barcelona , but gil is going to travel a lot , sometimes to warsaw .
jen needs to potty train her daughter as she's going to nursery soon but nothing seems to work . jen will try to use the toilet instead of the potty as olivia did with charlotte .
patty lost her new phone . she will be unavailable for some time . she will contact other people only via fb .
irene has been invited to a wedding but is unsure if she would like to go .
frank is going to the even . louie needs to check up with kylie and he will let frank know .
serena and zoe agree to go and relax at the resort tomorrow at 10 am . celia can't come with them as she's going skiing with her mother . serena'll collect zoe from her place .
maria and frank are going shopping for a birthday present for frank's mom on friday at 7pm .
diana got drunk at mary's party yesterday and lost her oyster card . tom found it and diana will take him to o'neils as a thank you this evening .
elijah doesn't want to back esme up when he confronts tonya today .
selena can't meet with jen and phoebe as she's not feeling well .
germaine is now able to pick his workout up where he left off because his mother moved closer to him , and she can help him take care of his child . raul on the other hand has never stopped working out .
patrik is convincing cindy to come to his oscar party around 7 . he hopes that la la land will win the main award .
mia has a bus back to new york at about 11 . 30 . zoe will wait for mia at 7th ave and 27th st .
tim haven't done his homework yet . jenny offered to help and she will explain him everything tomorrow .
matt and robert will meet on monday at 7pm . matt will pick robert up . they will have a dinner together .
joanna is asking her mom sandy if she can sleep at jenny's place after the bts concert . sandy does not know about the concert but joanna believes that she told her about that . sandy is upset and thinks that joanna is lying . sandy will call jenny's parents and will let joanna know later .
brian was jogging and didn't hear his father's call . at his dad's request , brian will pick up danny around 3 . 45 pm on his way to fr .
anfisa from russia , the gold digger from 90 day fiancé , has got her own yt channel . sophie finds it quite boring .
justin wants to wants to borrow 50 dollars from foley but he is broke . foley will ask his dad for the money .
luke found painful information about the past .
david and angela's peers , pamela and maggie , had a falling out over a language course and aren't on speaking terms anymore .
mustafa baked some cookies .
isabella wants sophie to call her as she can't find her .
adam has been busy for the last week . pam and adam will have a date on saturday night . on friday pam is going for her mum's birtday party .
tory's favorite bear is draycott stout , christmas edition .
it works for abby thanks to josh's help .
anna had an issue with uber . she ordered one , the driver was supposed to pick her up in 3 minutes , but when she got there on time , he had gone . she just received a notification that he ended the journey and she was charged the whole amount for it . anna sent a complaint to uber about the situation .
rachel created a spreadsheet for voting on which day the gdpr training should be held .
john's going to south east asia . john , tom and paul will meet before the departure .
sandra couldn't find tracy's address on the map as she put an incorrect number . the correct address is 25 b . tracy is waiting for sandra .
abigail's dad has had another surgery yesterday and will need to stay in hospital for another 2 or 3 weeks . jason wants to visit with karen . abigail feels her dad would like that but in a weeks time when he is less tired . bringing food is not a good idea but he likes herbal tea .
sabrina has nothing to do . rose watches youtube videos when she's bored .
ron will throw the garbage away when he comes home .
hank will watch a piece of stand up comedy graham has sent him .
nick spent 10 hours playing red dead redemption 2 yesterday . it was the best day of his life .
leigh's new boots are comfortable , warm , and they look nice .
johnny and sam are going to meet after work .
chloe bought a new macbook air for work .
dona will reschedule the meeting on harvey's request .
johana , yoli and ben met for dinner on friday 21th at 8 30 pm . ben ran a marathon on sunday .
todd asked adam to buy him an energy drink , cigarettes and a lighter .
tim proposes to join the yellow vests tomorrow . jenny and matilda won't join the protest . the yellow vests demand the resignation of macron . it is possible to read their demands on the internet .
matt wants to go on a date with someone . he opposed to using tinder . he goes out a lot .
the wifi is down for eric . it works fine for summer at d1 . it also works for julia .
kurt will finish december's email and blog posts for feyi on december 4th . he was very busy .
ian will bring laura a book and few cds from martha .
tired ian hopes that the show won't last long .
frederick and magdalene are coming to the cocktail party this sunday . josephine doesn't know yet , because jamie is sick . magdalene can give someone a lift .
adam is not feeling well . missy , ana , margaret and bruno want him to go out with them .
anne will come to the part by bus and call an uber to get her back home afterwards .
hannah and wendy are mad about the freezing temperature outside . claudia doesn't care , because she feels warm .
matt is attending a spanish course and he likes it . alex studied spanish has stopped this year because he is too busy with work . alex and matt plan to meet this weekend and matt will call the others to join them .
brad is visiting his parents today and cannot meet with hazel . she has got a job in the theatre and is going to the studio today to take some photos . brad lets her use whatever she needs in his place . she is also going to do some cleaning .
kitty will convey money to barb and ken .
max will be late because he is having a drink with tom .
karolina will be back in warsaw this weekend to spend time with bianca . enid will see karolina soon .
paula is submitting her thesis this week .
mary , ann and their partners will spend the weekend together hiking .
nuria's birthday is today .
jim is going to come to poland on the 26th of december or later . he might have to be at work on the 27th . if he travels before christmas or on the 24th of december , eva can pick him up from the airport . eva does not have to explain anything to the parents . her translation might be needed later on .
probably thanks to the medicine , mia stopped coughing .
grace needs gaby's help .
jacob has completed the literature review of his project . he has found some material on the ecg signal . he sent rachel the research papers and techniques .
fred and rose are worried about the structural changes in their company .
mary jane feels that none of her sexual partners has understood her fantasies . peter asks her about those fantasies , as he feels he could relate to the feeling . mary jane would rather keep the specifics to herself .
oprah got her favorite sweets from turkey for her birthday from joe .
nancie's shower was leaking . milton sent maciej to fix it on wednesday . maciej fixed the shower , so it works now .
tim is waiting for martha outside her house . she is going to be there in 5 minutes .
rodger wants ann to visit him in norway but is broke and not convinced about staying at his place .
alex will go to a workshop on homemade cosmetics with nathalie . the entrance costs 15 .
olivia is sick and absent at work . emily and amanda have to deal with all the workload on their own . amanda is unhappy about it so she tried to reach olivia and make her do her own job remotely .
sophia is helping david with his test in 1 hour .
ozzi spent 300 bucks on lv scarf .
janet liked oscar's t shirt . oscar will not wear it again as it made him itch .
maia asked lala to bring sophia's bag that she had left .
lucas and james are meeting on saturday at 11 am for 5 6 hours to practice . james will bring the bass guitar .
the storm has damaged some of nick's properties . nick is considering moving from florida to chicago if he gets a transfer at his company . nick and jerry will meet on saturday .
sarah has to give away her family cat of 4 years . chloe doesn't approve .
luca was in the hospital last week and he is alright now . he had a fight with his ex friend .
phil is asking andrew to recommend him an electrician . phil's lights in the car are not aligned , so he is looking for a cheap repairman to fix it .
julia , alex rafferty and natalie simpson will not be joining aurore in the game . instead they will play board games next door and join them afterwards .
the party was insane . june couldn't attend because he was sick . at the party they drank a lot and got stoned . some people jumped off the roof into the pool . one person fell to the floor instead and was driven to a hospital .
henry wants to sell his collection of pokemon cards on ebay .
mia asks for suggestions on where to have a cheap meal . eric recommends darcys . mia tries to remind herself the name of the bar they once visited for hannah's living party , but she doesn't remember it . eric , stephanie and taylor recommend fibbers .
carly's car broke down and she asks don for help . they will take the car tomorrow after 11 . if not , don will take it himself .
hester has no time to follow politics now . he doesn't know much about the candidates and that's why he's not going to vote .
paige sends a picture of her new kettle .
the new soap opera by hernandez is titled amor bravio . it starts thursday next week .
megan would like to get a plant , some kawaii pens or stationery , or ebooks for her birthday .
adam is hungry and following sean's advice , he will search for recipes in the internet .
ben , bill and dominic will wait with talking to her about the plan till the last day , so she doesn't fire them in an inconvenient moment . dominic doesn't trust her and needs money for the instalment .
klara has an appointment at the dentist in 3 hours , and had to reschedule plans with bobby .
thomas and kate will meet at jeff's at 6 pm .
jon was in a car crash , he's doing fine , but his car is wrecked and he needs a new one .
ronnie agreed to lend heidi her jacket .
this year's charity ball was boring . the best one was in 1999 .
tina is drinking spice coffee on a cold autumn day .
bella met diego for the first time yesterday . she was tense . diego was territorial . but he wasn't aggressive when rosa entered his bed . olenna will send charlie more photos .
caron is trying to to arrange 3 half day training session with rachel in her car for a young girl . rachel gives caron dates that suits her . caron mediates between rachel and the girl to find the best dates .
yigal is going to show kai and kate the sint annatunnel . they are planning to eat some chinese food after crossing the river .
claudia is back in town , but she's busy with work . artur has been sick for a week .
gallo and madani are leaving in 2 hours as adam was taken to the hospital . gallo will pick madani and the kids up . madani will take gallo's card .
paul wants to see tony's assignment , but he hasn't even started it yet .
natalie and kyle are waiting for luke . he'll come in 5 minutes .
sophie doesn't have to retake her classes . today she has to stay home and write her thesis . she had a fight with her mom . she will meet with alec at 8 .
richie returns from norway on may 24th . he is going for a trip to lofoten and will do some yoga and hiking . emily had plans for them in kraków on may 24th 26th , but now richie suggested another term .
kieran's going to go to the bakery to have pizza around 5 50 . ashley's already there and kerry agrees to go with kieran .
lea and milly are going shopping today at 1 . milly needs new powder .
annie , katie and hannah plan to sleep and chill through the weekend .
clara will buy a bottle of sweet red wine for susan and dry for the rest .
kylie is hanging out in her room listening to bts that also carrie likes . they're seeing each other at tennis tomorrow .
it was angela's birthday party . the guests danced almost till the end and went home at about 3 or 4 . today angela is feeling tired and still a bit drunk .
there is going to be a technological picnic event aimed at families with children . it will take place in theatre square on saturday from 10am to 5pm . gastromachina foodtruck wants to participate in the event . mike will write them an e mail .
parker is watching a film .
brad's mum can't pick up the kids . both brad and angie can't leave early today , but angie will try and pick up the kinds before the kindergarten closes . angie and brad are going to order sushi for dinner . julie's psychological report says she's developing well .
leslie and laura are throwing a baby shower for tiffy probably at april 21st at laura's place . everybody is going to pitch in to buy her a stroller . tiffy is having a boy and going to name him leonardo .
joseph has found a funny meme and shares it with roy .
paul turns down jerry's offer to give him a lift tomorrow . paul will go with his colleague instead .
bart will leave spot with mike next saturday . bart will be helping his girlfriend move .
they wish good luck to bob and nancy , who are moving to spain in a week .
sarah and will didn't speak for a long time . their colleagues , dom and brandon got caught with drugs and they've been suspended for 7 weeks . will hates them because they stole his ipod and they are not nice .
imogen woke up early and cannot get back to sleep because she is nervous and excited that her parents want her to join their business . nathan is coming over tonight . they will eat lasagna and chocolate ice cream .
less than 1 3 of the students signed for econ 231 . john commizerates the professor . ava considers signing . she likes econ . according to kenzie the class seems difficult . ava will verify it .
maggie's advice for the apps that don't work is restarting the computer .
camille , bill , jerome and mike and some claudia's university friends are collecting money 15 each for claudia's birthday . they may buy her radiohead's concert ticket .
rowley will have a baby with a woman he met in the summer , not with kelly .
michael fed willy .
barney made the pumkin pie according to the recipe from the starurday's show and shares the recipe with telma .
ben is waiting downstairs .
adam tells nancy that he is in love with her , but she tells him that she's got a boyfriend .
will will be at the st . james's hospital in 30 minutes .
paul and john will meet tomorrow .
chiellini is in spain now .
rosie bought train tickets online and she couldn't access them in the app . she had some problems at the station and needed to take the second train .
gwen stopped buying cow milk .
lily will order dixit extension for a present , and she and grace will split the payment in half .
it's christmas in three weeks and ben doesn't have any presents . sam had a secret santa lottery in his family and he got his mother in law , so he will ask betty to take care of it .
jason is not excited about the new year's party , so he will only play some games and drink some sparkling wine . mike is leaving with his girlfriend for the mountains for 4 days .
penny's happy to work in a bigger office and cooperate with holly whom daniel perceives as smart . daniel wants to introduce penny to his photographer during lunch tomorrow but she can't come . penny remembers that the photo session with both men is planned for the next week .
dylan is in town . matt and dylan will meet for a drink tomorrow at 6 pm . dylan will call matt to specify where he wants to meet .
the last season of got is coming out in april .
theo's plane is landing at 3 pm . franck and theo's mum will be waiting for him .
carmen insults mary because she ate her lunch again .
katia sent 290 this morning .
noah and ron will go for a basketball practice on saturday from 8 to 12 am .
sarah , ashley and lindsay are going to see a movie tomorrow evening .
john had a fight with martha about her boyfriend and his brother andy . mike met andy once .
people are protesting against the 25 rise of the fuel's price . that's why there's a huge traffic on the conakry streets today .
george , jean and emmanuel are leaving for sapo national park tomorrow . they are coming back next monday .
darryl cannot find the keys to a safe . since one of the guests wants to use the safe tonight , darryl will call saul to ask where the keys may be .
the food delivery for sam smith was supposed to arrive in 35 minutes . elisabeth garnier contacted the delivery man and it was delivered soon .
kelly wants peggie to call her as soon as possible .
dalia will help mr . smiths in organising a scientific conference that will be held on 15th of april .
tim will buy milk on nicky's request .
james helped a homeless man and two hours later he found 100 euro on the street . he believes it's karma .
sam is stressed lately and needs to find a relaxing activity . lisa , mark , paul and ann are sharing their advice about activities that help relieve stress .
greg's friends are coming for the weekend . rosa will come to clean his house at 9 on friday .
rhonda requests bill at her office .
wendell has to leave something in the car which is on hanover st . 5th floor . he also mentions that the yoko tawada book cam is reading won the national book award and that she also writes in german . cam knew because his acquaintance is her neighbor in berlin .
connie worries about cora because she hasn't received any photos from her in the last few days . cora is on a cruise and she doesn't have internet access .
adam hurt aydan today . maia feels sorry about it as she thought adam was aydan's friend . she wants to talk to adam about his mistake , but aydan doesn't think it's necessary , maia is not going to her piano class today . she and aydan are not going to college tomorrow .
tom and camilla decide to go to dublin this weekend .
bill's eye surgery went well , he's doing good despite other health issues , but he continues to drink .
ana wanted to take a dog leash , but it's dirty . luckily , she has another one . ana and anthony are meeting for dinner tonight . they are going for drinks around 8pm . they will move to the restaurant next to the beach after that . anthony will make a reservation .
aaron bough some equipment . they will try it out at harold's place at chester road 7 . harold run out of lube but aaron will be gentle .
barbara sends lisa and jane 5 habits that people should change . lisa and jane agree with her .
hugh likes tori's new haircut .
jason is leaving to another division and he will come here for quarterly meetings .
it's snowing in satle in october .
greg left his black acer laptop at the cafe today . john was seen with it by sienna so he probably picked it up .
cheryl cole has left her third husband .
george is looking for the manual for the washing machine . it is not on the shelf next to it . jane has found it .
patricia , joseph and tony are coming to the party tonight .
hellen uses the internet at work only to do her job so she didn't hear about bush death . kelly reckons she should check the front pages .
diana is mad , because she has changed her maiden name and the university demanded a marriage certificate to confirm that ; diana and meg are discussing that it is not right that they need the information why a maiden name was changed ; diana is not going to give them the marriage ceritifcate .
andy is dressing up as the incredible hulk for the party tonight . alison is dressing up as a witch .
ian is going to restore a deleted file for jack .
jayden is neutral about brexit , but he thinks the draft agreement is not very sensible .
willie and trishia are going out for a beer tonight .
bill is in the foyer , will is in the toilet and wojtek waits in a huge queue to the gentelmen's room .
pascal's carpenter arrived yesterday .
michelle and tania don't want to spend the weekend at home . they decide to go to the new water park .
jennifer and nancy have a meeting in 2 minutes .
stephen and marika will grab some brunch after he arrives at st pancras at 10 . 44 . stephen wants to take freda to science museum and show her buckingham palace , take a trip on the thames and take in a show . stephen used to live in london , freda has never been here before .
alex's up to do something this weekend but both phillip and jack have excuses .
the clothing is pretty , but also too expensive .
john and bob are both going to the dentist today . as a result , they can't go cycling with megan .
meg and martin are bewildered that he's alive in the newest episode .
tom and brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man , who tried to contact them , wanting to convert them to christianity . bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of andaman islands . she believes they should have the right to be left alone .
peter is probably seeing john and the guys today for some pizza , beer and board games . peter will let john know if he will come .
tawny is picking earrings for simone . tawny asks simone questions about her preferences .
terrance's still in bed . mary woke up at 6 and is already in the office .
nina congratulated betty on being accepted to photography studies . betty is worried her parents will not be happy about it . betty invited nina to visit her on campus .
peter saw maria briefly today and he thinks she will stay long hours in the office .
flo and jane are working in the same shop , near le bon marché . frank is back to school , but ted is not . he will try on february . mum and peter are dong well .
jason had seen black panther and thinks it was good . ben is not interested in action films but loves one flew over the cuckoo's nest . andre likes the movie too . jason hasn't seen it , but has heard it was depressing .
jackson told paige that hailey cheated on zach with his best friend .
sookie and paul are going to celebrate paul's exam tonight , even though he is going to receive the results on monday .
sisi and deedee are having a discussion on differences between the impostor syndrome and the cry baby syndrome .
lily wants to know where grace is . grace is right in front of lily .
bart will be at matthew's place in 30 minutes . they'll drink good whisky that meggy gave matthew for his birthday .
pat used to work at lister's fine clothing in the 1970s and 80s . pat hasn't seen sandra in about 35 years . pat left in 1984 to run a pub with jonathan . sandra met with brenda riley last weekend , they plan a reunion . pat does not have kids and is retired . she travelled with jon to oz and thailand .
it's elsie's birthday today .
paco's sister helped him with decorating his place . she is a graphic designer .
agnieszka guessed the name of the song olaf heard today on the radio and couldn't get out of his . bartek and agnieszka weren't too nice to each other .
kate asks jamie about his accommodation in mexico on bill's request . he was in 2 hotels and 2 aribnb flats and the experience is generally positive . kate had noisy guests last night . it was new year . she told them off .
gene and drew will talk about the video after te holidays .
liv hopes some man will write to her . they argued last time and she was really mean to him .
paige and walter will go for drinks on saturday .
ellen and sookie are working on a project together .
amanda booked 4 tickets for metallica concert .
the police have told cristian to call them when he meets him . cristian is attending his italian course today . there has been a power cut at garrett's place this morning .
christian can't bring amelia's charger to school tomorrow as he won't be coming . amelia needs it urgently , so she wants christian's brother to deliver it to her house .
victoria has just spent 11 days in cuba and she's going to greece in the summer . william is taking a trip in august . william usually travels alone and meets friends on the way . victoria is considering moving form poland to new york or an asian country .
jeff has seen the landing of the tui plane , which was scary . liam is on the toilet .
bryce saw infinity wars last week . cindy has shared some spoilers from the movie with emma . emma will let bryce know by wednesday whether they will meet on friday . emma is going out with her sister shortly .
anette's party is on sunday . she will be serving snacks and wine . virginie will attend . guest may bring whatever they want .
melania , melissa and jenny will do some shopping together this afternoon .
victoria is amazed after watching adele's live concert . mark , victoria and kelly are also huge fans . kelly's favorite song is someone like you and victoria's favorite song is water under the bridge .
julia is sick , a rash is disappearing but she still has a fever . robert feels sorry for her .
meg is a bit unsure about going at evelyn's because she doesn't know if she really wants her there .
connor missed the bus as he had to talk to the teacher . mom will pick him up from randall's in 2 hours . connor will text mom the address .
the lecture starts in two hours .
caroline has a strep throat .
oscar , eric , robert and marc concured on the site of the party . they choose to chip in 50 60 to but drinks . about 12 people are invited .
henry and ethan will catch up later to discuss the new album of the band they both like .
nata will help nancy pick out a new foundation .
mumbi bought some bad tomatoes last night . he can hey some fresh vegetables at miriam's . mumbi will call miriam .
monica is looking for an apartment . owen gives her some searching suggestions . owen's new place is good , his roommates are away after work or for weekends . monica will visit owen on thursday night or dinner .
holly was forced to count coins for a demanding customer . zach advises her not to do this kind of thing in the future .
they are not going to celebrate new year's eve at the place greg proposed because it is too far . matthew might be able to organise a party at his place after consultation with meggy .
barbara spent christmas in poland . this year there weren't so many people at her grandma's place . samantha spent christmas with her parents . barbara is going to spend the new year in warsaw and then come back to the uk .
tamara will meet with constanza at the teen's center at 3 pm . she will try to persuade leon to come with her .
everybody will meet outside the cafe .
mandy won't come probably because of mary .
emma is having a good time in japan , her job is fine and she's sightseeing , but she feels out of place . emma misses danielle but doesn't know if she will return home for christmas .
the exam adrian took included information from every copy . retake is next week .
arnold is going to visit lisa in 10 minutes .
joanna likes public speaking and is good at it . lee has to give a speech at work next week , because of his boss retiring . lee is very nervous about the speech . lee and joanna will meet over the weekend , so lee can rehearse the speech .
jim is visiting madera . jim has a driving license . jim is a vegetarian .
holly couldn't meet with her friend to pick up her philosophy books because she got a flu , so tina did it for her .
anita hasn't painted anything for a year . she asked ruby to give them another try , but ruby refused .
kyle wants to order medication online , but as he has a prescription he needs to show up in person .
george went for a coffee at starbucks and a cat sat in his lap . clara is jealous . george wanted to keep the cat .
there is a conflict between japan and russia about kuril islands .
florence , erin and grace have ex 5 for homework .
jay and bucky scheduled to meet tomorrow to play together on the ps4 .
frances is at a meeting and cannot take lauren's phone call . the meeting is boring so she plays angry birds . lauren's birthday party is on friday at her place . frances will attend .
sally won't be able to meet anna on monday because her mother fainted and is now in hospital . anna will probably come in december .
tom , ivy and sara are talking about christmas . sara got cosmetics and perfume . tom is out of town .
artur used the wrong equation in his previous homework , which radek noticed .
aaron booked a couples massage for himself and harriet . they are going on friday at 1pm . before the massage they're going to the gym .
there is a new team leader replacing clare . they find him attractive so ellie and henrietta are going to sign up for the gym on saturday . melinda will let them know tomorrow if she also decides to join .
jeff is still sick after last night .
paul is having a hard time assembling ikea furniture meggie bought . lenny is going to help him with his drill driver .
arianna sends pete the first draft of the document for him to review . he will do it by the end of the day .
kenneth is busy and stressed .
harry has just seen a scene with a dog in episode 2 .
elisabeth shares a photo and the recipe for blueberry muffins .
bob and dominic are already on the bus . they'll be at the station in about 15 20 minutes .
diana and marcus are travelling in cuba . they are in trinidad now . leo , yadany and roci already miss them and are grateful for the presents received from them .
marcus listens to bbc world service every day . he prefers listening to music on spotify . audrey doesn't listen to the radio and doesn't have a radio set . lucas doesn't have it either . marcus advises her to listen to the radio online .
gabriel and eve have a meeting with patrick in 20 minutes at tate modern . patrick is at tate britain . he will join them in 5 minutes .
dave will stay at marciano's house at the beginning of the next month . dave started going to events like pottery classes . marciano is going to tell tina about dave .
melanie got a gift from a prince . liam , colin and ciara are excited . melanie is looking for love , but she is surrounded only by italians .
zach will get a hair trim at the route 66 barbershop .
alice and madeleine will go together to check out the new clothing boutique at day's time av . next weekend .
kim owes kelly 84 .
kylie is watching madonna's videos , he still likes her . reece thinks she's finished , while kylie is defending her . finally reece and kylie agree that they defy ageism , and don't want anyone to dictate them how to behave .
ben is coming back on monday . there will be nobody at the office at 4 today .
john and tyre's neighbour stopped john in the staircase and talked about some miracles for 15 minutes . john thinks that religious people are stupid . tyre disagrees with this generalization .
mark dropped angella off half an hour ago . mark teases angella about how he misses her . mark and angella have to work now , but will see each other in the evening .
donald can't come to jack as he has to talk to his wife about their divorce .
it's eva's turn to make dinner .
ana will come to denis' birthday party tonight .
it was so funny for joyce and maria .
phil sends jason some photos of a car he intends to buy . it costs 8500 and the mileage is 29k . jason says it's a bargain .
zoe had a date with daniel , it went well , but they didn't have sex .
bella and mick will have pizza .
carrie started to watch running man . she watched 3 episodes in a row yesterday . carrie and andy like the cast and think that running man is amusing .
rob will go to a pub tomorrow with his brother . he might come to visit kaja after .
hisham got drunk yesterday and probably left his wallet in don's car .
chris is going interrail to italy and france for a week long holiday next week . he'll be sleeping in hotels besides the night train from paris to venice .
agnes wants to throw a baby shower for ursula and suggests designer clothes as a gift . alice opts for more practical gifts so kathy suggests a compromise . agnes thinks her suggestion is better . agnes removed alice from the conversation . kathy thinks it was mean but wants to move on .
peter wants to buy a pink shirt . jacob and sam help him to choose one .
paul doesn't understand why his coworkers have a crush on him . floss thinks it's because he is physically attractive . his show has been renewed .
ken and ang watch old tv shows ; they like some of it and dislike some old fashioned episodes . they also do not like the current us president .
victor informs joan that he'll come and take a copy of her notes later on . joan suggests victor to call her when he arrives at the shoping centre and she'll direct victor to her home area .
ellen gave a dwarf to ester for her birthday .
adam is looking for 3 guys for the game tomorrow at 1 . tim can't come due to a family meeting , jerry is still unwell , terry will come , todd will let him know later .
marta is sending preston their favourite gif .
emily and stuart are planning a meeting . emily can't take a day off later .
piotr sends over a photo of the apartment once was madison's . carson notices it got renovated .
richard and hyacinth are going to maria's .
robert invited pablo to hang out . they agreed to organise a party at 8 .
legend takes a shower . aliza is at home .
yasmine's friend is coming from new zealand on saturday and staying for the weekend before going to dublin . yasmine is planning to take her for a brunch on sunday . fiona is planning to go out on saturday night .
clara's motorbike broke in thailand and she needs someone to help her communicate . peter will ask his thai friend .
pauline'll pick hans , olga and their children up when they arrive on friday at 1 20 pm . before that pauline'll have to ask somebody to take care of her children while she's absent .
alan will buy bubble wrap to pack a vase .
ben is waiting for frank's report that was due yesterday morning . ben requested frank immediate presence in his office .
veronica didn't get bianca's postcard . bianca sent it from spain 2 months ago .
john can cover kyle at work on friday from 10 3 .
martin and tim will meet in 5 minutes .
takako has caught a cold . she will not go to the meeting with don and the others . instead , she will stay at home and rest .
paul just got the red dead redemption 2 . he invites rosa for a game . she is not into it .
doris and peggie are late .
alan changed his plans and he will join asher on wednesday .
he looks like johnny depp .
kelly's dad is ill and has to stay at home for a month . kelly will visit him after work tomorrow . maggie wants kelly to be vigilant in terms of high calorie foods .
paul has a terrible cold today , so he won't come to the office . erick will give paul's presentation instead .
shannon shares the news about greg and amy getting engaged . noel doesn't know them . shannon wrote him by mistake .
fernandez has an exam tomorrow and can't go with ian to swan river for christmas . he will take the greyhound bus later and they will return to winnipeg together .
austin doesn't like potatoes , except for potato pancakes . gina likes spring potatoes .
ashlee and bob are looking for their dog cash . the dog went for a deer hunting again .
daisy has scratched james's car but he does not mind .
edie visited sally .
rebecca are candy today . abigile found some restaurants for her and rebecca to eat at .
rose forgot her lunch . josh is going to eat rose's lunch .
andrew's plane had technical problems at takeoff the left engine started spitting flames . the pilots headed back to the san jose airport and landed safely . now they've been re routed to chicago and will be home tomorrow morning .
richie has different opinion on the last episode of qaf than richmond , daphne and penelope , and it turns out he watches the uk version whereas the others watch the usa version .
matt is not a fan of donnie darko or eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . otto identifies with the second one because of his failed relationship .
nally was chosen for an event marketing programme . mogens wants nally to send pictures whenever she eats .
susan is on the 5th floor in the south wing . paul will be there in 1 hour . pieter will arrive in 1 , 5 2 hours .
chris and his wife are going out together regularly . each week the other one chooses what to do . they're going to play paintball next week . marty is interested in joining them .
there is still 20 of the task left to complete .
ronald and nancy will park their car somewhere else on andrea's request .
ben will think about going to vine detestation next week .
bob will buy some transparent nail polish for blythe at sephora .
hersala , pacifica's neighbour , disposes of pacifica's mail containing personal information that pacifica's husband didn't remove .
tiffany and andy get loads of spam emails . tiffany subscribed to a newsletter to get special offers from her favorite online store .
kate , dan , steve and ada will have the seminar with dr . olsen tomorrow at 3 p . m . room 342 .
greg's sister is pregnant and her baby's name's amber like kevin's niece .
victor applied for a position of an engineer in a company in pakistan .
suzie wants mona to buy some apples and pears . suzie will make an apple and pear tart .
fiona wishes anna a happy birthday .
there is a new girl working in the club . her name is jennifer . olivia , patty and pauline think she has breast implants .
linda has to vacate her apartment in 3 months . she refuses to ask people on facebook if anyone has a place to rent , as lisa suggested .
mike wants to run the length of the vistula next year . this is 1200 km in 12 days .
trisha and kylie will come to lisa's place and they will have a movie night at valentines day . they will watch bridget jones again . lisa's roommate can join if she brings wine .
ron did not come to a gang night . ron was busy , because he met in the mall the brunette with big eyes that he remembered from the club .
chris went to sawyer's and found out the prices are much higher here than in bath . ruth and chris enjoy some aspects of the shop . xavier is having a drink as he's meeting his cousins in the evening , that he dislikes .
oliver does not have tom's cell number but sara does .
destiny sent a photo to samantha and kenneth .
jesse will collect owen so that ella can go for a meeting .
peadar dropped his pint for the second time . he is sad about the rugby .
dex and jessica are supposed to read to chapter 11 . dex is already ahead , jessica is behind .
anne passed her driver's license test . she's going to celebrate with jake , vicki and john .
ellington does workout and he believes he needs more protein . alfie and everard recommend ellington to seek for professional advice . harper thinks ellington does not warmup properly .
lia and mia have been looking for leo for two hours . rebecca is with him in the bar now .
jimmy , tom and rick are meeting for a beer at 7 p . m . at morty's .
there was an explosion near melissa's usual running spot . the cause was probably an old , faulty installation .
afande is coming back in 10 minutes as the customers are waiting .
albert shouldn't believe everything greg , james and ethan say , because they love gossiping and spreading out rumours .
as birthday present for alice , oliver and sidney are going to take her to the impressionist exhibition then grab a coffee together . alice has recently broken up with mark . alice is an introvert but likes talking about art .
nina and paula will meet tomorrow at around 9 . nina has some news for paula .
mark and luke will go for a coffee break at work . jake first needs to talk with his boss , who doesn't approve their long breaks from work .
neville wants to meet up with laurel some time this week , and she finds it strange as they usually don't hang out just the two of them . neville wants laurel's help ring shopping for violet and she agrees enthusiastically .
oliver has helped margaret set up the party for tonight .
sandy is going on holiday to new york and vegas in january . she doesn't know is she should take the hairdryer with her . melinda tells her not to do it .
lindsay is bored at work .
greg and tom feel sick after eating chicken yesterday .
maya got the job . her current boss didn't give her the promotion in march , so she told her she might start looking for something . she has a month's notice , but she has 2 weeks of outstanding holiday , so she has only 2 weeks left at the office .
emma made weed muffins and wants her sister , sharon , to come over . sharon is not a fan of this . emma is coming tomorrow to play with sharon's kids . they really like her .
joyce cancels a meeting with james . she's not feeling very well and will just go home after work .
lilia will play cod with masen .
max will make a volcano for his school project . jerry hasn't figured it out yet .
brenda and liam are in room 5 . in room 3 there's a bunch of russians speaking english which bredna couldn't understand . donna's in room 3 , because she likes the subject .
joan is driving to philadelphia on saturday morning . amanda will join her at 9 45 am after bringing charlie to his grandmother . the journey will take up to 90 minutes .
paul cannot find a sandwich that he prepared to take to work . monica thought it was an old sandwich , so she threw it away . she offers to make you a new one the next day .
everyone came to lia's to surprise her but she's in france .
oscar will wait for a good moment to talk to lilly .
ewa , mason and jhordan attended tacos concert yesterday . ewa thinks it was marvelous . mason and jhordan believe it wasn't that great .
jessie shares a funny running video with alison , robin , erica and emily . alison shares a funny video too . robin's skating attempt was unsuccessful . robin is laughing while her boss is watching her .
gary , dan , owen , eva , alexander , steffen , kieran and ben are going on a ferry journey on friday , the 16th of november . gary wants them to be at malinche at 1 pm .
rory's applying for an australian visa . she decides to ask hr if she should select business or tourist option because neither mikey , maureen , luke nor daisy can't give her a clear answer .
annie is housebound while recovering after childbirth . desi was helpful only while on paternity leave . desi's mother , meena , has been helping annie and teaching her how to cook . shona wants annie to go out with her on saturday afternoon .
vivian wants to come back to ireland for winter .
kira was sick , so she couldn't see toby jumping out the window . toby put his classmates into trouble , so they had to apologize for their bad behavior . kira finds toby hot , but maddie prefers zane . however , zane probably date kate . anyway , kira and maddie will try to seduce zane and toby next friday .
emily is tired , because she worked a lot . she goes to sleep . she wakes up at 8 am , as she has a meeting at 9 30 .
caroline will stay at work until 3 pm . tom is with clients , he will picl laura from school at 3 30 pm . tom will text laura about it .
emily is on a plane that is delayed for an hour .
zoe is departing around 12 to be there at 3 pm . owen's suit is ready .
anthea is updating the recent program for the conference in two weeks . jason wanted to amend a set of dates and linda forwarded them to anthea .
it's teresa's first day at school tomorrow ans she's nervous about it . mike will walk her to school .
damon got a promotion but he is not sure if he's happy about it because he was thinking about changing the job . he may give it some time to see what happens .
natalie will help kate by doing the interpreter's work during audio video show on 24 25 february . natalie will support the non english speaking italian guest while communicating with visitors and journalists . the guest will receive natalie's contact details and call her around 3 p . m .
suzie and kate met last night .
ann can't see all the messages as the app has crashed .
max's willing to join aaron for this week's comic con in warsaw . aaron'll buy the tickets . the event takes place on saturday and sunday but max can only go on saturday as he works on sunday . aaron and max will meet at centrum metro at 11am .
odin is busy , helping zara to make a facebook account . reyna can help zara , she texted her already .
ares is thankful for the video .
martina sells peking ducks , moulards and green legged cocks for 30 zl kg and eggs for 0 . 8zl per one . transportation and delivery are personalized . martina's from sierakow area . magdalena buys chickens for 30zl per bird .
claire can't meet with leon . claire's mum has to go to work and claire can't leave her siblings alone . claire and leon will reschedule the meeting for next week .
micah wants to meet up for a drink on sunday but they're going to decide closer to the weekend .
ron offers to order pizza for dinner . he wants felicia to pay .
adam is displeased with his hp laptop which broke down 3 times in a year . kevin is an asus fan .
oliver is going to see call me by your name and invites oliver to join him . oliver has already seen the movie , but wants to see it again , so he'll join oliver in an hour when he'll have finished something .
mary finishes her lessons at 2pm . jack won't be there on time , so mary has to wait for him in the common room .
niamh sent paul a video the recipient of which he wasn't meant to be . paul will keep the film in is wank bank .
dee dee and karen didn't have a credit card so the car rental company refused to lend them a car . in consequence , they lost the booking fee , which was frustrating . otherwise their holiday is enjoyable .
laura's fiance cheated on her with the blond from his work . the blond said it to laura and now laura wants to cancel the wedding . briget is inviting over for prosecco .
samantha and bianca are going to meet at the store around 4 pm .
jess suggests two videos for her first dance with abby . their wedding is in six months .
nick will take 2 croissants from the canteen for bart .
sue ate vegan hot dog from ikea and liked it .
eric doesn't want to go to amy and tim tonight , because they are always arguing with each other .
carol hasn't read the new book by king as his stories scare her . ellen encourages carol to read one of them until carol promises to do so .
sheri went ice swimming with her friend and wants to do it again . eileen wouldn't dare but wants to have a look . roddy will let them know .
tasha and lucas will have a pizza on saturday . lucas will ask his sister sue as well .
gary wants to see dolce after lunch . as dolce has another meeting this afternoon , they don't have too much time .
tom has an important business meeting in two hours . he asks hannah to prepare some clothes for him . coffee and brownies are going to wait for him as well .
lisa and kendra don't know what to eat for dinner . kendra does most of the cooking , although they're both busy at work . lisa will think of something for dinner .
lila hoped that ana would come to poland , because they will be skiing this weekend . ana is very busy at work at the moment . ana will check it out at work tomorrow and maybe she will come to poland in the spring .
luke and tom are reciting a song lyrics .
mattie will join uncle john and auntie for supper tonight .
there is a concert on 15th of march and ben is coming .
eve's having a party with the girls she works with and has gussied herself up .
george will bring sasha 120 dollars to pay for a wallet of his choice .
emily roberts got married to professor taylor , as mateo says . there are pictures of their wedding on facebook .
nina was at a girls' weekend , they tanned on the beach , went on excursions and to the clubs . they are planning on going again in 6 months . theresa will go with them .
sylvia is going to pick up the gap shoes , infant 6 tomorrow a 8 pm . alana will meet her .
ted is satisfied with his new job in analytics . roberta thinks about changing hers .
keith will leave for two days to his parents in york , to help them improve their old garden . tom is okay with keith coming back on thursday but needs him on the phone . keith's parents sold the car , so he will drive there and ferry them around a bit .
caron is going to pay a visit to jenny morris sharpei and her new boyfriend at around 7 pm . caron is going to bring luna over . jenny morris sharpei will be able to have luna for a few days in october .
ian is going to zoe's after school . mommy wants to know if her mom is going to be home tomorrow .
jacob's wife forbids him from seeing oscar tomorrow .
taylor graduated from ag but did not get accepted to vetmed . he is planning to work or study for a couple of years .
tom's shift changed again and starts at 6 . tom is not happy about it
jack will send poppy materials she asked for .
erika and marcus have a class in room 243 today .
the electricity bill with the date 24th has not been paid . mandy will make the payment .
harley will bring some butter and some sugar for thea .
georgia was excited about the game that her team won . todd's team fell apart .
nat confirmed that they are coming to sylvia .
alexander is excited about a new film coming out and invites karina to the cinema tonight , but she can't make it .
lillian feels much better now and she's out of town on meetings . layla has been feeling run down all weekend , she thinks it might be the flu . she hasn't been going to work for the last days . lillian will call her later to check up on her .
poppy will babysit toby on friday night from 8 till 11 12 .
brianna will buy two tickets for the 30 billion concert from jeff .
leo , dylan , theo and riley will play at the university during some event next month , and they'll be paid 300 bucks to share .
alex sends kasia notes that are a good guideline for the test . kasia started reading the notes today at 6 45 . alex and kasia feel the test went okay for them .
danial was rude to the waiter today , and emma doesn't believe in was a misunderstanding . emma needs some time to forgive danial .
donovan sends kyler the documentary . the file is quite big .
steven and greg are basketball fans . their team's coach , magic , is considering trading lonzo , kuzma , and zubac for davis . it might be a good addition to the team along lebron .
alice , beatrix , rufus and michael have to read illness as metaphor by sontag for friday .
monica , eva and alex will come to mel's place at 4 pm on sunday .
karina won't meet haydee in her hometown . karina will be back on monday afternoon , while haydee's plane leaves on sunday at 20 45 .
sam will be at bar fiasco from 8pm tonight . blake will join him and barbara might also come . samantha forgot her umbrella at jeff's place and he will return it to her in a week .
josh believes that kosovo will unite with albania . ismail thinks it would destabilize the balkans .
aunt maria is in hospital , she had a stroke . jayden will call micah in a minute .
helen has problems with her back and her hip . she thinks about operation and talked about it with doctors and friends , who know the problem . however , she's not going to have her body operated , until she can't practice sports and other activities .
harvey accuses rachael of not picking his calls . harvey is in the bar with his friends .
dan doesn't know who has dora's present . sophie has it .
carly and rob talk about the dogs , molly and luna . they also talk about the weather . lennon and his girlfriend are doing a car boot tomorrow . carly will visit rob .
vanessa plans to buy a new phone and needs advice on a reasonably priced model . lindsey recommends galaxy s6 or s7 while harry suggests iphone 6 .
pat doesn't need to go to work today as everybody is out on projects . lesley will let her know about tomorrow .
page and reseda are going to the convenience store to get some coffee .
arthur , sandra , jacob and walter are going to lake bled at 6 am on saturday for the weekend . they will stay at a hotel near the lake which is supposed to serve good goulashes . they are meeting at the usual place .
sylvia reminds howard that he should take his pills .
may and jamie are meeting at 12 at barbican to see yayoi kusama's art exhibition . she normally exhibits in the us and japan only . her exhibition finishes next week . may is on a trip next week . claire is sick , so she can't go .
donovan doesn't like the smell of beverly's very expensive cheese .
ella spent the night with adrien . she is attracted to him . she is also very concerned about his mental state and past destructive behaviour .
felicity wanted money from joaquin to buy herself a new dress but he doesn't want to give her any more .
nora will ask her hairdresser if she should get bangs .
carmen has almost been hit by a car it's been raining for a week . she's upset .
mrs . johnson suggests how to improve the work of the current project . she recommends saving money for the future , more expensive needs . mr . mckinnley agrees with her .
dan needs martia to transfer 2500 to the home account . dan has to make a transfer quickly and it would take a day from his bank .
derek , mike , allison and robert will play jenga on friday at 6 in the evening at the theater .
madison no longer needs thom's help with the dog today . her last meeting takes place in her area so she can take care of the dog herself .
jeb and cal discuss donald trump's sanctions on iran and friendly relationship with north korea's leader . jeb and cal mock both leaders' looks .
eve and cindy will drink wine together tonight .
justin is flirting with corinne .
lily is coming to graham's party in the evening . she's going to be there around 9 pm with some wine .
linda will bring hannah tea .
lin , kim and shane aren't happy about the coming winter .
anna suspects chuck knows about her and al . she doesn't care but al feels guilty .
jake is wondering if it is enough for their kitchen . it is 53 in lenght , 25 in width and costs 20 . miriam and monique think it is too expensive .
dan asks if veronica has any plans for tonight . she doesn't know and is currently busy .
donald left his lunchbox at jayson's place yesterday . jayson has a red and blue lunchbox at his house that aren't his . he will return one to donald tomorrow .
rob booked the plaza at 8 p . m . helen has to meet john at 7 p . m . she will bring rob's jacket .
jane and george are going swimming . sandra reckons it's too cold . sandra is going to the swimming pool and having a hot cup of tea afterwards .
isla , emmeline and maybe nora are going to place an order together next week . isla will order a calendar and emmeline will order a calendar and a pink pen with flowers .
leo needs stan's advice as he wants to buy a pony for his daughter dorothy . they'll all meet to discuss it at leo's place at hamilton west 305 on saturday at 7 pm .
colin and kellie agree that human relations and abilities to form close bonds with others have deteriorated because of social media .
conrad explains to joanna why he likes football .
carol and mark are in cuba . carol is not fond of her stay because of the noise . mark will have an operation on the 23rd .
tom's coming to gina tomorrow .
jill has to go to a funereal and wants to drop her kids at kate's . kate would love to play with jill's kids .
in 20 minutes miller will help aliza in cooking .
greg invites anna for spaghetti .
chris and jane will come over to maggie to celebrate new year s eve .
matilda and natalie will go back to warsaw by car .
holly will print all 3 files , she received from jasper , as soon as he sends over a signed paper .
jessica and josh have a new dog . jessica is worried that she won't be able to sleep . kate is going to visit jessica to see the dog .
lucy has seen beautiful boy and she loved it . juliana hasn't , so lucy will go will her to the theater tomorrow . lucy finishes work at 6 pm , juliana at 5 . 30 pm . juliana will pick lucy up from work .
greg will not go to the sales , even though on sunday he agreed to go . lynn is dissapointed .
ivone used to much self tanner and she is orange now . it doesn't come off , so she has to wait 2 weeks or so .
the morning class on tuesday was cancelled . it will be postponed to a later date .
reggie is in a shop and wants to buy presents for mum and dad . he's thinking about perfume for mum and a pipe for dad .
jay needs some stuff from phil .
jackie shares a picture of her boots .
béatrice spent the whole afternoon with their mother today . she tried to sort out the issues of cleaning in her apartment and giving her a shower when she asks for it . both béatrice and annick think their mother receives a poor service for the money the home costs , though some caregivers are nice .
mckenzie has been busy recently . he is seeing bruce this weekend .
claire is unhappy about her neighbour becoming an mp .
maya had to get a new phone , as she drowned the old one in the toilet .
theresa's grandmother is not in the best shape . theresa needs to stay with her and won't meet dylan at a preestablished time .
denise and lori are both in tent number 8 .
jim is in the old town and has had some mulled wine there . ellen will not join him for a walk because she vomited last night and prefers to stay in bed . ellen and jim are expecting a baby .
jake's apartment was burglarized . the tv and the computer were stolen . the computer contains confidential files . the police says they probably won't find the stolen objects . jake is scared .
peter will order food from curry heaven for susan , mark and mike .
johnny has some extra class after school so he will come back home by himself by bus . his father tod may therefore drink a pint with his friend .
a went to vietnam for a surgery conference held once a year . b went to three different events during this weekend , including one on health related issues . they will meet on wednesday to catch up .
gisela will see if she can find the video of bryan cranston was on jimmy kimmel from last night . she didn't finish watching all the breaking bad seasons yet . topher's favourite is the fifth season and gisela is planning to start watching it tonight .
george asks peter about brexit . peter is upset about this topic . in his opinion the politicians don't work effectively . for peter the simplest thing to do would be to withdraw article 50 , stay in and make much trouble for merkel and macron . peter would rather talk about something else .
maciek will present his research next month .
jennifer made sushi according to chloe's recipe . chloe is celebrating the release of beaujolais nouveau wine .
sally sent the material to hannah . it was not complete . sally is tired . she still has to write to her editor . in the morning she will send the complete material .
kate's horoscope suggests she will be lucky with money , but kate is afraid her boss won't give her a raise .
macy is posting photos and asking sergio's opinion about a pair of pants for her . he dislikes the red ones and suggests the grey and blue ones , which macy may consider .
dan and ken will meet tomorrow to talk about dan's script idea .
pat got scented candles as a thank you gift from anthony . he needed legal expertise and pat helped him to finish the project .
karen is afraid jay has a problem with alcohol . he comes home drunk every day .
joseph thinks the diamond is visible in the model with six holds that manesh has sent him .
miles is going to play football after school . the last time jamie and miles played football together they made mistakes during the game .
tristan will come to a wedding with carolyn on her request .
jacqueline will order more meals from kaylee next week . kaylee and another girl from the gym prepare the meals together . kaylee will send jacqueline the menu for the next week tomorrow .
rudy and rasheed are watching their old photos from 2010 and reminiscing on their old love .
joan will send betty contact to reliable movers , as she moved to a new house .
russ and jody are going trick or treating tonight . jody has to finish her witch costume . russ is going to surprise jody with his costume .
lana and travis are talking about his trip to greece and albania . he liked greece more . travis and luna will see each other in the office on monday . lana will probably go on holiday in september .
leon won't drink too much on pierre's request .
kayla is writing the essay about christian denominations and has some questions . anca explains they have a patriarch instead of pope . milena mentions constantinople as a symbolic place where everything is decided .
martin is crashing on allie and myra's couch next weekend . he is bringing wine and chocolate .
ben is hungry and doesn't want to eat his roommate's food . ben and donna will meet for thai food . she will text him the whereabouts .
cathy and feyi are going to attend a dinner . cathy will possibly pay feyi a visit later and borrow something to wear for the dinner .
vanessa is trying to take a flight back to new york . unfortunately , her name wasn't in the airport system and so she's trying to book another plane ticket . lucas will collect her from the airport .
eric , jamie , quinn and nicki will meet up on saturday and cook together .
phil will bring a greek salad today .
patrick and ella enjoyed karaoke last night . they will go to kangaroo boy on friday .
next week jacob will come to new york . he will stay there for 2 weeks . he will see his family and have a job interview at delta . he will live at his ex stepdad .
jill is organising a baby shower . katy will set up a doodle spreadsheet to choose a date .
bernadette made kimchi . juno is impressed .
kadisha and waldemar share funny videos .
charlie does not know which room he has to go to tomorrow for a defence of his bachelor's thesis . he cannot reach his friend on the phone and ask her . julie finds his idea to message his thesis advisor good .
dennis has been talking to people for 5 hours and he was able to find a common ground with some of them , others rejected him . simona's watching the last episode of john oliver now .
a new female employee has been hired at the marketing department . patrick finds her sexually attractive and intends to flirt with her . a rumour has it she is married .
alice wants to make diy beauty products . janet doesn't want to make cosmetics herself , but ella and sam already make them . alice will look for recipes online and start with body and hair products . if she likes them , she'll try face products .
daria is upset with andy that he was too busy talking to his football friends and didn't talk to her at yesterday's party . they will meet for coffee at josie's at 4 pm .
nancy and zoe like the music and plot of the new lady gaga film . zoe likes lady gaga and nancy likes bradley cooper . they want to watch it again .
maria ordered chicken wings .
ellie didn't have time to study because she went shopping with her mother and got a new skirt she will wear to school tomorrow . sara is worried she might be grounded because of her poor grades .
richard , anne sohpie , bhagya , sara , sean , janunsz , daniel and myra disagree on matters connected with feminism .
becky has terrible menstrual cramps . tabby and kelly think becky should check it out with a doctor .
archie will not go out with his friends because uncle steven is coming today .
rayburn is organizing scrabble night tomorrow . the winner gets big bottle of alcohol .
otto went to one direction concert with his family last weekend . he didn't tell regan . the next concert is in la next week .
don is at the bar . sandy wants g t . sharky wants a pint of kronenberg . wesley and jeff want doombar .
peter is moving to a new flat . josh wants to visit him in portugal . peter's been playing spiderman 4 and reckons it's a bit expensive but worth the money .
leslie wants to know a person who does anne's hair . there is a stylist in colorado st called nina . anne will send leslie her number .
laurie will help damon to make an anduin armor tomorrow at 5 pm . she is good at carving lion faces . marilyn will drop by after she runs her errands .
joseph is in kathmandu 6 months so far . laura was in jerusalem some time ago and she might go on the camino next year .
karen can't work because she hasn't got childcare . julie expects she will work with someone new . maureen rang in sick again .
rob doesn't want a christmas banner on the main page , but according to caron , he will talk different next year when he has a baby .
emily wants to know more about the gym jerry talked about . it's well ventilated and there's plenty of room . the fitness trainers are acsm certified . the fee is not that expensive . emily's father wants to join her . it's been 3 months since jerry started to go there .
tom had a job interview . the potential employer hasn't called him yet . dean calms him down .
scarlett is in the bus with no toilet so she's afraid to drink anything even though it's 35 degrees . andrew prefers his 10 degrees outside .
evan shares a drunk picture of jayson .
william and ann are going on vacation to the azores after datin for 6 months .
paul had a car accident and is in hospital . patricia and monica wonder if they should visit him .
chad is on a cowboys game with his sister on vip passes .
margie asks helen to put her personal notebook in one of the drawers as she left it on her desk and she's not coming back for at least a week .
amanda is with toby and her partner at a christmas market . they bought lots of sweets and some christmas decorations .
jack or harry will open the practice room for oliver shortly .
maya got back from china yesterday . maya will tell tom all about the trip in person . maya doesn't like flying . maya will call tom in the morning to tell him if they're meeting tomorrow , as she may go shopping with her mom .
emma wants to visit jose and marie who are in sucre because she thinks she's got altitude sickness in la paz . kate is still in europe .
simona's channels name is her real name too .
wendy is scared of what is going to happen tomorrow . if all is well , wendy will be out of the hospital on saturday .
danny has bought something that shane finds cool .
dave doesn't understand why everybody is so obsessed by political correctness . paolo doesn't get offended and finds it funny . anna doesn't seem to like it but is patient .
paula bought a dress for a wedding reception . she and derek are going there on saturday .
amanda dyed her hair a new color .
dixie ate haloumi raw as jason didn't mention that she should cook it .
jason has texted marc , who is going to replace hazel today , as she has to go see her mother . by tomorrow 3 p . m . she will let jason know if she's going to come on tuesday .
susie has to wait a bit for a contractor who is stuck in traffic . susie will call sean when cps finishes their job .
lang found an xbox on ebay . he's been looking for it for a month . hugo and lang are meeting tomorrow to assess its condition .
the restaurant that aubrey and lisa went to last night smelled bad . aubrey is going to leave a bad review online .
hayley wants to know where rodrigo was last night .
that actress is amazing . they consider booking tickets for chekhov's three sisters later this year to see her perform .
miley has issues with sleep and will consult her doctor tomorrow .
kylie has injured her finger but is feeling better now .
ann and mona should read the petit prince for tomorrow .
they want to go to paris for new year's eve . ella has not been to paris and she looks forward to seeing the louvre with carter . scarlett hopes jeff will accept the plan .
alice is watching dexter . alex has seen all episodes .
barry , kelly and jen are trying to find a date in june convenient for everyone for a trip .
jason's got a new job and is really busy . sarah's looking for a job , jason gives her some advice . she will try xyz cafe tonight .
betty is at the doctor's with granny . paul is looking for granny's hearing aid and finds it on toby's pillow .
brandon and sheila want to see new queen movie . sheila wants to go out as a group to prevent her mum freaking out . brandon will ask kayla and brent to join them .
norma has completed homework for tomorrow .
gred sends patrick a file with recipes that he got from the internet and chefs .
bill just shared the video from last week's trip with tom and martha .
shane is considering deleting her online dating profile after discovering her date is already married . nina believes there are good guys out there and bad experiences make good stories .
ella has bought new garden furniture and wants frank to build a bonfire for them . frank will come over tomorrow to measure up and give a quote on wednesday . frank needs to know whether to order materials by monday . ella is at home tomorrow but wants frank to call half an hour earlier .
marissa would like to join an english speaking course . as she doesn't have time for a level test , irving will send her information booklets via email so that she can make up her mind .
tom is breaking up with linda . he will not stand her disrespectful behaviour any more .
jeremy tells mark that somebody dies in the new episode of got .
dan is waiting downstairs . monica is ready to go .
shane is going shopping to tesco and asks tina if she needs anything . she does not but may text him in case she thought otherwise .
adam has a problem with charging his phone . nick recommends using an induction charger .
martin will prepare a letter of authority for joe .
donna looks good in a dress that costs 150 . she will wait till it goes on sale .
the body shop was opened in the city .
kitty and nicky love the new album by tom odell .
elijah had over 40 guests at his party . it was a great fun . william misses the college parties , but not studying . he was an all a grade student , now he has a job , but no money .
debbie will see chris in 10 minutes .
anna's aunt rosie wrote to her that she's coming back home from austria in a week and that she's getting married .
stacy and donovan are fine . there was a game last night .
corbin would like to buy his mother a dress for birthday . jenna suggests a shop where he can get one and offers help .
jackie decided to become a history teacher in elementary school , after her friend beth told her about the opening . jackie , who has a major degree in history , loves the job as she wants to shape minds of young people .
mark will visit a client .
isobel , lilly , daisy , yordy , henry , gemma and emma are preparing a party . lilly , henry and daisy will take care of food . gemma and yordy will look for a present . emma will get decorations .
kate is going to the vet with her cat , bonzo , because he has a stomachache . jake is going to get kate and bonzo . the cat is constipated .
isabel wants her books back but doug still needs them , too , in order to make some notes and photocopies . they agree that he returns them to isabel before dinner at the latest .
noah , jack , emily , harry , olivia , george and kelly has worked together as a team and it was succesful .
june is going to be at mom's in 10 minutes .
vicky was criticized by her mother during family dinner today even though vicky's father supported her decisions . vicky's brother frank makes her feel better .
maggie is going to take her stained dress to the codds' drycleaner that angela recommends . angela will share their contact details .
garrett's new pillow is not as comfortable as he had expected . he will give it another chance tonight .
teresa has found suzie's bag .
dr smith took care of hugh's toothache . wade wants to make a dental appointment tomorrow .
the offer henry is interested in concerns only 3 least expensive items .
kitty , jim and kimberly don't have a morning class on tuesday , but it will be scheduled next class .
lucas sally is sending katherine dome the formal invitation to participate in a project organized by his company . she's available 30 hours weekly and she can meet for a short interview this week .
laura has found her and veronica's teenage photos .
ashley has broken up with josh on suspicion that he cheated on her with payton . josh is in denial .
joe needs to have his watches repaired and asks angel to get it done . angel doesn't want to take money for it , but joe insists he'll pay her back or she can take the money from the joint account .
andre has found a job offer at google for german speakers in lisbon . hanna is interested . andre has been living in italy for 4 years . both he and hanna like italian and portuguese cuisine .
timothy has been walking a lot lately for her own health . she has calluses on her heel now .
nick is joking with helen that he forgot the contract , but in fact he'll be right there .
darius proposed his friends a walk in central park .
alex overheard lucy telling maddie she is pregnant with luis from the project development department .
aurora has a new haircut .
ann applied for postgraduate studies . ann wants to apply for a paid internship to gain experience . ann is ready to cut back on things for a couple of months .
chrissy and tara are coming to pauline to have pizza .
patience is watching tv . kenna is going to the store to buy some orange juice .
he is off and he will be back in 2 weeks . the minister also is off . julia arrive on 7th . she and sunny will visit eva .
greg is going to pick up john and will be back in an hour . he will buy some eggs on kate's request on his way back .
tessy had oat for breakfast yesterday and the day before . she is not sure if she is going to gain weight . tessy will call chris and they will go out and eat ice cream .
annie misses the times they used to hang out together . winston prefers his adult independent life .
natalie will probably spend her birthday with her family , going out for dinner . nothing big this year as gustav can't join in .
joyce shares pictures of her kayaking for 6 hours . she will stay there overnight and return tomorrow .
martha had a hen party in rome . she was there with the girls and they ate a lot of pizza , drink a lof of wine , did some sightseeing , but were mostly partying . martha and julie will meet and then martha will tell her about it .
regina likes to read books , watch tv series and embroider in her free time . eric finds the latter unusual . regina finds it relaxing . regina bought a finger pad after making the first few embroideries .
jeffery and cynthia are discussing a shopping list . jeffery is going to buy eggs , tomatoes , sugar , bread , cocoa and a washing liquid .
the team that luisa and rene were rooting for won .
dominic , jason and louis are going on an integration trip . there's a mountain trek planned there , and the weather forecast is not too optimistic , so they should take comfortable shoes and rain jackets .
kathy was very concerned about jeff leaving early yesterday . jeff had to go to the dentist .
peter and his girlfriend enjoy watching ice skating . he would like to watch porn with her . kevin also likes watching ice skating .
tina won't come this saturday . tina has relationship problems with john and needs to talk to him . tina prefers not to discuss it on messenger . jane will call tina when she gets home from work .
sallie will go for a date with emil to ed sheeran concert .
frank is on the bus . peter can meet the guys halfway , at euston . stacy is not coming because she has an emergency at work .
julian cancels tonight's show at blind goose and wants to reschedule for next tuesday depending on the weather . brady can't attend .
lily explains to marco how to prepare ginger . it needs to be grated and brewed .
jack stopped watching bojack because it became annoying . kevin is hangover and he needs to shower .
ann has a birthday next wednesday .
bobby is going to start a project in august . adam will be available but michael is already occupied with another project .
hannah saw a picture of max fucking lilly at stevens . hannah has been trying to call max for about an hour . max will be at her home in 20 minutes and they will talk .
yuri and tom agree that the gif resembles the pirate .
there is a typhoon around regina's place . hugo thinks she should remain inside .
elisabeth reminds john and rick about writing a thousand word essay on the future or globalization for tomorrow .
mary has done 6 pomodori so far , while gabrielle has done 7 , jack 4 , adrienne 8 , and emma 10 .
charlie is not happy with his new iphone x . james is not going to buy it . annie was in senegal , she liked it and would like to go again . annie and charlie are thinking of visiting argentina in may .
joanna's parents came over this weekend and left her a lot of apples so she made an apple pie . jacek and alex will come and try it after class . ula will too , if she is free after work .
bill had an emergency op in his eye due to a retina displacement . he had 5 tears in his retina , probably caused by the cataract op . now he's recovering and he can see some fuzzy outline of objects , with distorted colors . he needs to reduce his physical activity and refrain from alcohol .
mark will pick lucy up in 10 minutes and they will buy a new mattress .
robin is coming tomorrow . the children can't wait . clara will pick robin up from the train station .
xavier wants to take kelly to the new cinema where some old school films are shown . they agreed to cook and eat together at xavier's place before going to the cinema .
paula and jim have paid for the entrance but didn't receive confirmations . they will print out their bank receipts .
jennifer is angry with melanie . melanie says it wasn't her fault , but jennifer does not believe her .
mark , sarah , jack and hannah are going to the mountains next weekend . the room for 4 nights costs 400 ; it's 100 each . they will drive in mark's car . the place they'll be staying at has a kitchen , so they will bring their own food to cook . they are going to meet at mark's place on saturday at 10 .
susan broke a tire in her car . susan has a boyfriend called tom . her dad phil advised her to ask him for a tire change .
austin has missed his bus and has to wait 15 min for another one . calvin will start without him .
david cancels tonight's lesson with frank . they will meet same time next friday . frank will email him the materials meant to cover tonight . in the future , david needs to inform frank about canceling at least 24 hours in advance .
mia's train gets to newcastle at 5 . 30 . kat will pick mia up after work . mia will have to wait for kat . mia will text kat before she arrives at about 5 .
minnie and xavier will check if they have philip's book by proust .
victoria's going downtown to order a new pair of glasses and asks sarah to join her . sarah agrees to be picked up by victoria in 20 minutes .
ava wants to see richard and bella tomorrow to discuss their bad test results . richard studied for the test together with bella . if his results don't improve , ava will contact his parents .
sadie is sending samantha birthday wishes .
john has watched a talk about the important elements of startups and found out the most important element is timing .
emma thanks jo , ted , jennifer and emma for an amazing time they had together , as well as for their presence and gifts .
lucas and jordan are at home . they forgot to wait for mike after school .
seline's boyfriend james is out of town for a conference . she is messing with him about her being jealous . she wants him to bring food for them . james will buy pizza on his way home .
maggie can't sleep and she keeps thinking about what happened at school . kate will talk with her about it tomorrow .
jess is coming to seattle . she will come to aron's place around 9 pm and they will go for a beer .
max is coming to see iza . he is two bus stops away .
luis and margot convinced devin to go to the christmas party .
laura and raquel have got a cold . laura's boyfriend made her brownies and tomato soup . she wishes to marry him soon . raquel is all alone at home and her last boyfriend was very selfish . laura and sarah cheer her up . raquel will drink tea with ginger and honey .
josh was kissing melody .
nick will arrive in 10 minutes .
natasha and cynthia left .
robert and michael watched a few episodes of parks and recreation .
nick cannot talk right now .
doreen managed to post billy's article but she had to do some corrections to it .
martha probably suffers from hashimoto disease . she has to run some blood tests to confirm the diagnosis .
kelly is making rocky road . crista is making a cake as well . crista will sort out the teas and coffees .
chris will buy bread , butter and orange juice . chris and olivia will watch fast and furious later . olivia often falls asleep on movies .
cora left her phone at darcy's place .
peter will have a hamburger .
tabby and michael are having relationship issues . they have different views on life . michael claims to love tabby , but she isn't satisfied with just that .
sarah is organizing a biliards competition next monday . victor will join them .
jed and nailah are going to meet at 6 pm today to play badminton .
matt is worried about people gossiping about him in the office . matt sent an email to his boss and to harris by mistake . amy will try to stop harris .
sara is at her parent's . her father is sleeping next to her . she will call victoria tomorrow around noon .
carson's outside sasktel centre while jake's in the bathroom .
anne has a fever , she won't come to the office . she'll see a doctor in the afternoon .
julia posted on facebook that she is looking for vegan places to eat and john started accusing her of ruining the country's economy . he is someone who likes picking up random fights , especially after alcohol , and he hates vegans .
paul , mike and kate want to play super mario .
andy is very excited as he has asked april to marry him . the wedding is in 2 months and christian is invited .
jenny and rob have their first wedding anniversary today .
bria's landing around 3 pm . conner will be waiting for her .
laura was asked by mom to buy groceries for the whole week , but she must finish her school project , so she asks martha to do the shopping . she should buy some meat , fish , vegetables , some snacks and something for breakfast .
barbara should buy it . she could also buy red shoes .
josh broadcast his music on youtube and got 7000 views . he was then contacted by a record company and will release an album .
greg is going to bcn for new years eve , he got cheap tickets at 25 gbp return . kyle doesn't know his plans yet , anna wants to stay with her parents , whereas he wants to go skiing . they might go to bcn as well .
cody and nelson have to clean a flat tomorrow . nelson will be there at 8 30 am . cody wants nelson to clean the bathroom . cody will take care of the bedrooms .
victor is asking teo for any valentine suggestions but teo has never had anyone . victor thinks teo is so gentle by taking care of old ladies . moreover , victor thinks that teo is gay but teo aggressively disagrees .
lee was bitten by a dog on the leg but he's fine .
jay got a new computer yesterday . he's satisfied with the performance of his computer . jay and gary will play overwatch .
hortense and celine are going to rue de la paix for dinner at 7 pm .
caroline will be back home in 2 hours , so she won't meet with katie who's in her neighborhood right now .
uncle billy thought that abbie's mom ordered scissors to trim his nose hairs . her mom ordered them for the cats' claws .
david met amanda mandy bower and mollie notices she had a few plastic surgeries and looks different than at high school .
sue and peter are going to visit veronica , victoria and joe , but their plane is delayed due to a snowstorm . after waiting on the airport for more than three hours , they will finally take off .
anna is sick and mary advised her to stay at home .
jeff's car died on his way back home .
chris is not joining marty and bernie . they are thinking about inviting rocket .
penny and stan wish each other merry christmas .
the keys are always in the white room .
bernie , chris and marty are going to meet , they may take their female companions .
jackson is on a trip . his journey on the train is not pleasant . he is annoyed by one of the passengers . the train is delayed because of an accident on the railway . jackson will contact aubrey once he arrives in the hotel .
mira and kara are going to meet at the mall because they need to talk .
john got feedback from the girls today . he made many mistakes in his texts and he's afraid he'll get fired . he bought a new laptop and is now in debt .
amy had a wedding planner . tom was responsible for the dj and the alcohol .
martha is getting ready for lee .
kate didn't get in the school exchange to the usa . lennart didn't want the basketball scholarship .
john suggests he and pauline go to visit his cousin who has just split up with his girlfriend . she agrees although she implies the cousin might not be too enthusiastic about guests . another suggestion of john , which is going camping , is rejected by pauline .
penelope is sick . peyton will pick up the books from the library . luca brought penelope cough syrup and painkillers .
ben visited thailand , and he was working remotely during that time . ben is going to stay at mark's place for the next two weeks . tomorrow , ben and mark are going to watch a game on mark's new tv .
the meeting focusing on future investments is tomorrow .
john is interested in the apartment . john works in the neighborhood . john will come to anna today at 6 30 to see the apartment .
rebecca will make a selection of photos featuring polly's parents when they were young . she will deliver them to polly next weekend .
tina is angry with derek because he won't do the dishes .
mike is celebrating valentine's day with cabernet . meg wonders if she can join him .
wendy is looking for a show recommendation on netflix . gina suggests a number of shows and wendy decides to watch the latest season of lost kingdom .
mila will go alone to menchies . mikhail and kasia went there yesterday .
sue and fran are going to the theatre tomorrow at 8 .
the national congress takes place in warsaw , 12 13 . 01 . maria needs a logistician . tim and jada can't come . raphael doesn't want to , but finally agrees .
erik has been to china , where he took many photos documenting the life of the country and its people .
sierra has spent 13 mins queuing on ormeau . isabel couldn't buy translink tickets at su because of the queque ; she will try buying them at the station or in centra . there was an accident on the main road to the international airport , so the visitors from dublin may be late .
dean is studying a lot so he wanted to invite laura for dinner tonight . laura promised she would help her mum tonight . laura and dean will have dinner tomorrow .
steve is coming over to see the car rudolph received from his dad .
crista will give paul a lift to work tomorrow about 8 o'clock .
a girl was murdered by a 26 year old in new zealand . they met on tinder . she was last seen at his company on 1st december .
frank passed his physics ecam . frank will help linda study for her history exam that is next week . linda will be in the library from 14 30 pm , frank will join 15 15 .
michael is looking for a good fish shop . kate usually buys fresh fish at markets .
paige has a new , interesting kettle .
the concert is in hall 5 . john is waiting near the gate .
nancy doesn't want to bring carlos for her uncle's birthday , because uncle tom wouldn't appreciate nancy and carlos being together . carlos is mad and he realizes nancy doesn't treat their relationship as seriously as he does . even though nancy believes it's all about fun , she claims to love carlos .
mia is wondering if sam is living alone or with mary . carl doesn't know because he hasn't been with ian at sam's place .
tommy checked paul's train online . it's not late .
honey overslept , she is borrowing sam's notes from morning classes .
maya wishes a happy birthday to eva .
cheryl doesn't have her phone on her and is waiting for megan outside .
agnes likes nescafe coffee machine . claudio wants to get one .
james is thinking about getting a new console and asks for brian's opinion and advice on ps4 and xbox one . playstation have better and more varied exclusive games .
kate wants to know what samantha is texting mark and sending him phrases like you are the sunshine of my life or i can't wait to see you again . samantha is just a colleague . mark made love with her once . kate wants a divorce .
monica suggests to nathan that he should check wizz for cheap flights to rome . everything has been sold .
uncle stephen died of heart attack . grandpa is crushed . ryan will check up on him after work .
sophia and mason have been married for 2 years .
clark is changing jobs . people gossip about possible reasons why he's leaving the corporation . in fact it was a combination of different factors . kate has to stay in the job because she took a mortgage last year and has children to keep .
daniel's ex girlfriend broke up with him . daniel is still depressed and in love with her . jess wants to cheer daniel up and take him out this weekend .
viki is in canada , and she needs some winter clothes . daki will send them tomorrow via post , which will cost him around 50 euro .
rob and juan did panel that went great . clarise tells hugh the guy who chaired rob's panel was a dick and asked him diminishing questions . rob answered brilliantly mocking the guy . rob , juan , hugh and clarice are going to the drink later .
georgia , michaela and daniela will have a picnic at the botanic garden .
it's cold in the gym today .
greg will come back in an hour . christine is too tired to wait , so she's going to sleep .
mark is organizing a trip to mountains next weekend and wants to take his car . it will be 100 for each person for 4 nights . mark wants to meet with everyne on saturday at 10 at his place .
some women were murdered .
przemek from the it department annoys janek . milena tells janek to ignore przemek .
ian has asked maria to marry him to preserve his rights in italy after brexit as this is the least complicated option for him . maria refused . maria was born in romania and doesn't feel genuinely italian . ian is upset with maria .
lynn will give anton a lift . he has a blue clio . they will meet at the train station around 4 pm tomorrow .
cindy finds maybelline too expensive . daisy gives anne the link to a website with cheaper cosmetics .
ridley and steven are tired because of last night .
nathan has given the white jacket to nathan , so zoey can take it from him .
alice asks what she should get for freddie's birthday . beth suggests play doh that freddie loves .
mickey will take lauren's shift this friday . lauren will take mickey's shift next thursday in exchange .
sara's 7 year old daughter kyla will take part in a beauty pageant and martha thinks putting too much make up on her will make her look unnatural . martha agrees with sara's sister who thinks that kyla might have a distorted image of herself in the future .
angie will put aside a big portion of chili for charlotte .
mary fainted in a library . a librarian called an ambulance and steve . the paramedics suspect mary has heart issues . mary will have more tests next week . gary is going to visit mary next weekend .
adam got an f for his assignment , because it was off topic . karol's role was to inform adam .
jen's looking for a present for her sister's 30th birthday . following david's advice she will get her a waterstones voucher , because she likes reading books .
laura is going to wal mart . eric wants to start planning their holiday . eric feels nothing he does means anything . laura won't talk to eric when he's like that .
nicky's cancelling this wednesday's meeting with kim and sam . she'll get in touch to reschedule .
emma didn't invite ethan to the party , but someone informed him about it . emma will say sorry to ethan later .
tracy wants to go to her hometown on saturday at 9 . 30 am . tracy has a dentist's appointment at 11 . then tracy and joe will start preparing the party . tracy needs to go to warsaw sunday at 9 . 30 am as she has a trial in a theatre at 11 am . tracy will book a table for tonight at 9 pm .
armando will bring lactose free smoothies to vivi's place at 5 .
jean and brigitte are unhappy with the results of the referendum . the turnout was 80 . 63 with 43 . 60 of votes being yes .
jake has a dinner party tomorrow night . jake and amy want to see the movie 'bohemian rhapsody' . they also talk about the books they've recently read . amy read 'metro 2033' and jake 'sapiens brief history of humankind' .
josephine wants trevor to come over and cook something , but not beef .
dick is disturbing jane because he wants to talk to her but she is working now . dick is getting on jane's nerves but she agrees to have lunch with him . they will see each other in the smoking room .
nicole is working at the national library and finishes at 10pm . nicole is eager to have a beer with alex at the bookstore bar afterwards .
thomas did not get up yet . jennie left something for thomas in the kitchen .
jack has a lot of work at uni and jack works as a postman , but they found time to meet in spoons around 8 tomorrow . jack's sister is dating ramon , a spanish guy , so jez will look for other ladies .
gilberto is eager to get more selfies from charity .
bartek sent a photo of him in greece to his dad , tomek . tomek did not know how to open the picture .
krzysztof and alek are going to go to the gym together tomorrow evening .
daniel returned at 5 30 am last night . emma is coming to italy on wednesday . daniel fell in love with a married foreign girl that he was hosting but eventually nothing came of it . he ended up in the other girl's house .
lora doesn't want to talk to him and won't unblock him .
test
felix has no idea what to buy meggy for her birthday , so elsa suggests he should buy new headphones for jogging .
camille needs to send additional documentation .
kristen got tickets for ed sheeran's gig in august .
anna and mateusz's mother is having a birthday in less than 2 weeks . anna , mateusz and kuba will buy her a red backpack on a black friday .
rachel is going to meet caron tonight . sue is going to babysit for rachel . rachel will leave her children at sue's place after 4 pm .
ingrid is going on a trip to australia . she will meet with gloria in sydney .
elyssa does not want to receive religious messages from ruby anymore .
galilea and cortez will watch a movie togehther . galilea has fear of unexpected noises . she doesn't want to watch horror .
kate asked ann about her opinion on the films the star is born and roma . she liked the first one very much . the second one is appreciated by the critics but not so much by the public .
justin prepared mushroom soup for supper . stephanie used to make a soup wth apples when she was 7 .
muhammad will buy caden a bunch of grapes at the supermarket .
ula invites alan to a concert . alan will meet her at the club after his work .
dad paul and mum hadija are going to talk to their children about dating .
josh , logan , mel , ray , ethan , jose and patricia got their test results from michael .
paris and ronald are mad at muslims that kidnapped and shot 4 girls in nigeria .
sammy wants to work from home the next week , because her commute takes one hour and john won't be at the office . john agrees .
kas is not visiting laura in december . kas' other housemates are going home for christmas and kas has to stay in the house . kas has to work over christmas . kas was made to work less hours . kas will have to find a new job .
sarah and her family are relocating but can't take their pet cat with them . sarah's friend david is helping her find a new home for the cat . they manage to find it .
samantha informs liam that a new album by mumford and sons has been released .
heather's sister will bring peter dinner in half an hour . lovey and alistair are off nursery and going back tomorrow . heather is working tomorrow . heather's mother passed away . heather and her kids will visit peter tomorrow afternoon and bring a cake .
yanny had an air ciruclation device installed by a specialist and it turns out to be very efficient . amelia and sammy also have a problem with moist air at their houses , so yanny will send them the specialist's details and he will verify if he can help .
if serena could change clothes with any girl at school she would choose alexa . monica would choose mia . monica's and mia's styles are very different .
amelia wants to go to the new year's eve singles ball . megan will join her but she is sceptical about it .
the group will collect 20 per person for mia's present .
thomas is going home tonight . mary doesn't know when she's going as her only day off is on 25th .
katie doesn't have any plans for tomorrow , and lacey will be studying .
cecilie is doing better .
today is pancake and hamster day .
they are going to meet at 5 pm at john's place to watch a game .
leo was supposed to leave for the weekend but the trip was cancelled .
johnny should get kaesekreiner and try the beer while in vienna .
cory and jem send emily links to some language schools near her . emily wants to learn german .
gemma insists on tommy not inviting andy . andy is weird and an attention seeker .
vera , giada and monna are going to see vasco live .
john wishes anna happy birthday . john asks about anna's mum . anna doesn't know for how long her mu is staying .
ani's company has financial problems . he's wondering if he should start looking for a new job .
john , mike , rachel and tom are throwing a surprise party for laura on saturday . the party theme is lame fantasy . everyone will prepare costumes on their own .
jake will lend helen a book from stephen king . helen is a bookworm and she is currently reading anthropologist on mars written by a neuroscientist oliver sacks .
peter and andrew expected joseph and molly to follow them till sankt gallen . molly decided to spend a night in liechtenstein and invites andrew and jospeh to come along .
michael invites irene and ester to chip in for the bill from yesterday . he prefers to receive the money via the transfer . irene and ester transfer the respective amounts .
mike doesn't mind tommy joining in on the dinner and film . harry will let mike know if tommy comes .
henry is not coming today to rebecca and carly , he's feeling ill . he has a fever and coughs .
kate cannot work properly , because paper got jammed in the printer . she is very frustrated and angry . andy can't help kate right now , because he is busy in the server room .
isla was exhausted so she forgot she parked in the back alley yesterday .
ellie and liam are seeing ben tonight at 8ish . ben will be preparing pizza with them .
ross is not allowed to visit brian . his mum blames brian for ross breaking his leg . ross and brian are unhappy with ross' mum and ross will try and reason with his dad .
yigal and nora want to stay where they are . but there's only one ferry a week , so they have to take it tomorrow , otherwise they will miss their flight to europe .
tom will buy some bread at tesco on ann's request .
jake is going to see kids' hockey game . mike will join him .
val taught buster not to use helen's garden as a toilet .
it is cold outside , so jimena will stay at home and cook . mason is ok with that .
dorothy is still intoxicated after at least 15 rounds of drink yesterday and can't remember much of what happened . she would like to meet her friends for a drink again in 15 minutes .
it's snowing . alex is unhappy with the quantity of snow .
greg and will make comments on a photo . will asks if greg and betty will invite him to their party . greg says yes .
jorge , sierra and taylor are taking the astronomy class together .
ronnie and linda will see each other in the evening . linda will make a burrito and ronnie will buy some beer .
mat , phil and peter are going to the theater . peter bought the tickets . mat will pick up phil at 6 30 .
tim will be leaving in 10 min to pick up tony and elisa . jeff warns him about scarce parking available with 3 minutes of waiting time allowed . they will either find a parking spot or circle around in case they need to wait on someone .
george will buy lucas two beers in exchange for amy's number .
alexander is busy at work and won't be home before 7 . ashleen is angry about it .
ray is afraid he won't pass the exam on thursday and he will have go through it again .
charles is watching the game and it's 2 0 for portugal .
peter , amanda , andy , helen , hannah and olivier have a new spanish teacher called ms suarez . they like her . their homework is to describe their best friend .
bonnie will go to the mumford and sons concert with filly next saturday .
brian is an admin . angela has a flash application for interactive boards that she wants to run on a school laptop . brain thinks it will work but angela is not sure . angela will give kids a quizlet .
it's raining a little , so margaret will take her umbrella .
lena is on sick leave until monday because of cold .
there was no amazon delivery for sienna today yet . this time of the year , however , amazon delivers twice a day . sienna's delivery is expected today . ed will bring the package to sienna as he needs to make a trip anyway .
monty needs to ask kurt's father about something and wants his number . kurt will tell his father that she'll call and send her the number .
mickey tells lavinia that a monkey kidnapped and killed a baby in india .
jan should call radek after his dentist appointment . he got his number from daniel .
daryl won't make it to the class , because he's stuck in traffic . jake will let mr smith know about that . daryl suggested to susan that she should take a detour .
apple will share her russian poetry class notes with emily .
miller carried carlos' lunch box to work .
katherine and cristina both have seen ben is back and they liked it .
brooklynne is watching harry potter 6 again , kevin won't join and neither will tatiana as she's not a huge fan of hp 6 .
samuel is behind marianne .
jane and michael enjoyed watching the last episode . jane is happy to see more hunting and mommy written out . she is not happy with seeing less of castiel . jane took a break from watching after season 9 . michael is happy to see an interesting episode after 3 bad seasons .
steffi has just become a member of gary , fiona , ethan , brian , maddie and chris' team . fiona is in galway where the weather is good . the weather in northern ireland is usually not warm and sunny .
david and jo procrastinate over the execution of an assignment . following the professor's instructions jo and david will work with different extensions .
martina , andy , claudia , yuri , zeke , and pat are having a party tonight . simon won't come because he is upset with andy and diego . diego can't come because of work .
ava and olivia are going to check out emma's nail art tool tonight .
according to wikipedia , there are three countries that don't recognise north korea usa , japan and france .
roman is available either on weekends or on weekday early mornings . roman and szczepan will meet in 2 hours to talk about the project . roman is in the city now and he has found a quiet place where they could talk .
sarah will come over to diana's with white wine to drink after diana has cooked for the kids and helped jimmy with homework .
monica and phoebe have sent puppy photos to the conversation . monica , rachel and phoebe are at work .
megan will turn radio channel 2 on to listen to ethan's interview on allergies .
jeffrey demands 200 from tony or else he will tell kim jeffrey kissed her sister .
sam is going to buy toilet paper in costco .
tom and alison haven't spoken in 2 years . tom has just finished his ma in e commerce for small businesses . alison is just starting an on line business selling the things she's knitted . tom and alison arrange a meeting on 12 20 to discuss helping alison with her business .
the roads are blocked . ava and jordon don't yet know why .
niidia is impatiently waiting for the quiz results .
victoria will bring megan her theraband tomorrow .
flo's brother is still ill . she's looking for a substitution for the next 2 weeks . daisy is on holiday next week , so she'll substitute her the week after . flo will send her the program and leave the books at edith .
clark wants to know how to write an array as a pointer . cristian suggest googling it .
jessy wants to buy an electric peeler .
emma's train was delayed 110 minutes , so she decided not to go today . she will take an early train and arrive in the morning .
martha's parents went to a party and will be out all night so martha's alone today . martha , agatha and susan will meet for an hp marathon at martha's house . the girls will buy alcohol and order a pizza .
jack , teddy , melany and duke are going to meet up for drinks tonight . the first round is on jack .
jimmy is at the bar . laura has a coffee . mark waits for them at their gate .
mike lost the instructions so he couldn't assemble the dresser for mona .
aurora and jake are going to watch apprentice and have turkey burgers and vegetables tonight . aurora needs to buy a watch battery before she goes home . jake will throw away rubbish but won't vacuum . .
wacky and mona are going to the club meeting at 6 pm on monday . mona will bring the slides .
maja has not bought her tickets yet but will do it this day . she lives in transilvania , 600 km from the nearest airport , which will make her trip longer than adrian's .
jim , rick and alfred are organizing the new year's eve in jim's father's house . it is less than 3 weeks to go . the house is quite big but dirty . they also need to organize transportation amongst other things . jim will inform and invite friends on a class group .
joanna's doctor forbid her to do yoga because she has back problems . she does ashtanga yoga . she find sivanada yoga boring . paula goes to lotus studio for classes with tina . joanna will try this class and bring her medical files to consult with the therapist .
karina is upset because she does not have a boyfriend .
tom hanks performed brilliantly both in cast away and philadelphia . they admire tom hanks .
ann's friend has stolen her boyfriend .
matt has shared with steve , jack , tom and yuri a video about the marvel netflix series . the video analyzes the various series and points out the flaws of some of them .
kate and nick have received tom's e mail . they will meet for lunch today to set up strategy for action .
it is ok to stay longer at the venue if you pay more for the band .
sophie can't believe ariana grande and pete davidson broke up . clark enjoys saturday night live with pete davidson but he's not interested in sophie's news .
mona and luna are worried about the latest events in france .
james accepted an amazon parcel for vicky .
edlyna is going swimming tomorrow with kay . idah will lend edlyna her swimming kit .
olivia will land tomorrow at 6 pm and she will meet with olivia at 8 . they will go out to a party .
amanda is tired after the gym , so she won't go out with jane tonight . jane will ask natalie .
deborah recommends the newest sparks to kelsey .
mike will buy some bread at the bakery for mary .
sandy hates the lecture she is on .
fran has too much stress , so she is joining faith's yoga class on sunday . faith tells fran not to be worried about her size and inability to perform some yoga poses .
cedric will bring suarez's flash drive back tomorrow . if suarez is not there , cedric will give it to nolito .
hannah went back home because she was not feeling well .
daniel is late for a meeting with rose . she has already arrived and got a table for them . daniel will try something new to him in the restaurant as they do not serve his favorite ramen now .
lily postpones going to the library as ann forgot her keys .
charlotte is unwell and will inform michael tomorrow if they can see each other on friday .
jillian has lost her pen drive with her notes . galard will check if jillian's pen drive is at his place .
donna recommends agnes reading kid s stuff toys and the changing world of american childhood . keith recommends war toys , war movies , and the militarization of the united states .
liz will come by tim's place in 5 minutes as she's in the neighborhood .
gabriele loves the dog .
vic has uploaded a new foo fighters cover to his youtube channel .
liz didn't buy onions . wells needs them for the dish . liz is going back to the shop to buy them .
bella , trevor and kevin are going to buy flowers and a voucher for their language teacher at the end of the course .
tero launched his game . alleatha bought tero's game .
millie helps allen with a few ideas what he can buy his wife for birthday . she suggests a gift card for a spa treatment and a bottle of her favourite alcohol and allen likes the ideas .
a vanilla hand cream is missing from irene's shipped order . she contacted customer support about it . they will send her a replacement .
richard and michelle will meet on sunday around 4 p . m . next to the lighthouse . they will walk by the seashore . richard will take an umbrella in case of bad weather .
gera got hope's number from lucy . she is going to meet hope at 2 in her office .
john'll be at the main station in 5 minutes . lia suggests that sam should pick john up . sam'll collect john from the bus stop in 15 minutes .
noah bought shoes for 100 . andy saw them cheaper online .
oscar has called in sick . he hasn't done this exercise with this group before . he'll send penny a presentation for tpm , for the other one she could use yellow tapes . penny is going to explore the city centre now .
terry and simon both enjoy charles bukowski's writing style . simon is about to finish women soon and afterwards he'll start reading factotum that terry will borrow from him as soon as he's done .
linda will pay for netflix today .
pete and caleigh will go for a bike ride during the weekend . they will take a train to skierniewice . they will have a picnic somewhere .
hiro is coming back home , to nel .
lilly spent the weekend with her friend and her 2 annoying little children . lilly had to watch tv at home because of the children and didn't enjoy it at all .
bulgaria gave the world yogurt . harry needs this information for his homework .
sandra and jason will try to visit chloe in may . they can't come now , because jason got fired recently and he has just started a new job .
noah is late because of some traffic jam .
patrick missed his flight .
jeff managed to get the essays of sontag from the library . the book had always been borrowed .
harry will be there in 2 minutes .
charlotte's going to drive tonight .
jada is leaving . latoya has decided to leave her job and will be heading to the algarve .
charlotte is arriving at 22 25 . oscar arranged the dinner and movie evening with charlotte's mum tomorrow . charlotte wants to take her mum by surprise by jumping out of a big box . charlotte will let oscar know when she gets to the building .
leroy is offering emma his help with her computer because it has been acting up recently .
danso recommends that aslan goes to the bathroom .
patricia is in london working on an important translation now and has no time to look for a job . jeff is 5 hours behind her . his disapproves of her translating activity .
monica is making pizza tonight , jamie is buying mozzarella .
tim is getting married and invites paul to the wedding on the 1st of august . paul will come with terry .
samuel complains about the ridiculous prices of ms office . owen informs samuel that ms office for business is not as expensive as it seems to be , and there is a free plan as well .
joe and kelly were out together on saturday . they drank a lot . kelly lost one of her shoes on the bus . joe is going to liam's party on friday but kelly is not . kelly will be 25 soon . joe and kelly will see each other on sunday at the pub .
kit has heard a gossip about jake saying that he is seeing someone . kit shares this with amanda and gale .
rachel will pop over to bring the jumpers . jenny gave back the pink one the previous week . rachel wanted to keep it for herself . caron allows rachel to keep it a bit longer . rachel will bring the rest in the evening and the pink one on friday .
dad needs to be monitored and he will not come back home for at least a week . chloe will pay dad a visit today at 6 pm . chloe will bring dad some newspapers and his favourite music .
the delivery guy has a free of charge package for kylie . martin will pick it up for her . kylie will collect it after work .
selena and audrina got drunk last night .
sara watched lately an animated movie called finding nemo .
marta bought prosecco and a kettle for karolina's housewarming party . asia and ania will transfer the money to her account .
noah is reading the lord of the rings for the 7th time . trevor is reading philip roth's american pastoral .
tonight , toby and maria are going to discuss flying somewhere for the christmas holiday instead of visiting toby's parents .
sarah recommends lydia to read the great alone first .
peter understands how the app works now .
kate , ann and agnes are planning an adventure together . ann will bring a spare blanket and is responsible for lunch , kate will have things for the barbecue , and agnes will bring food necessary to prepare breakfast . they're going to meet between 11 and 12 .
anne got accepted .
leo is almost there . if he's late , donna will go without him .
as suggested by melissa and hilary , nancy will buy a book for a gift in mit coop at kendall square . john recommends a book about time theories .
raymond is ready . it is today .
susan is leaving work early and she cannot wait to hug george at home .
shannon is working from home today . she didn't sleep well and is considering taking a nap although it's already 8 am . ian has just dropped off kids at kindergarten and will be home in 10 min .
sue will come to nathan at 7 because his mum is making trifles tonight .
nina needs help with maths . her brother rick recommended contacting carmen . carmen's brother is good at maths and she gives nina his phone number . nina should call him in the evening , after his gym activity . carmen's exam was good , but she forgets dates . nina offers her a book about ww ii .
jane would like to watch gossip girl .
celeste and ryland talk about guys and ryland thinks that celeste can easily have a guy and that there's one around her while celeste believes that she's looking , but there's noone there .
kelly wants joe to take a look at her car as she has a problem with the clutch . kelly split up with adam in august . joe has started seeing josie from school .
isabelle , giselle and sophie have to translate the first column from the article they read last time as homework for tomorrow . isabelle forgot about it and bought herself a bottle of wine .
brad wants to buy an ukulele or a xylophone .
jeffrey is considering driving for uber as he needs money to buy a new tv . jeffrey doesn't mind putting mileage on his car or driving strangers .
the travel agency travel life went bankrupt . mike is in egypt with no hotel or options to come back . he'll probably go to the embassy .
victoria forgot to buy toilet paper , so she will get back to tesco to get some .
clare has a new cockerpoo called lola , it's ten weeks old and hasn't had all the shots yet . ellie has a grown up cockapoo . helen has a st . bernard called graham .
anna learns that theo , luis' friend from wawa , reached out to him recently . anna met theo at the new year's eve party . luis likes his new school better than the old one in wawa . he will soon start a job as a waiter .
tyler can't come over to sam now , because he's busy with chores . he will come over later .
professor morton wants to see brayden in her office now . she talked to charles and she's angry .
anders is ill and has to stay in the apartment , otherwise he can infect other people . his skin is not itching , but he's waiting for these things to disappear .
ost slept after lunch and didn't see vesna calling . vesna and ost will talk tomorrow . tomorrow ost will take damir for the preparations to the surgery . on the 19th of november they will go to the hospital for the surgery .
thomas is having a meeting and can't sneak out . thomas is seeing elisabeth half an hour later .
grant made a transfer to sarah .
claire , the accountant , was supposed to call arlo but she did not . louie has made a note of it .
brian had an accident . brian's father will take him home . lukas is mad about his car .
adam , ben , paula and claire have a new neighbour . paula met him in the morning . adam will invite him for saturday .
austin is sending charlie funny stories from the internet .
mavis's legs hurt either because of the match or because of high heels . she will see a doctor .
adam is looking at airbnb to book nyc . tom wants to make sure the basics are included . adam booked one near the central park for 38 per night .
josh and osman are excited about the match . josh needs a drink .
debby is going to a wedding with a friend next saturday . debby sends photos of dresses to maggie , so maggie can help her decide what to wear . they discuss debby's outfit for the wedding . maggie offers to lend debby one of her bags .
natalie's cats have scratched the chairs in her house and bitten through phone and macbook chargers . her boyfriend crafted them a scratching pole to prevent them from damaging things in the house .
erin will go to jade's house for a day after pill .
jane is from coxwold , yorkshire . jane thinks it's lovely but admits the weather is changeable . winston is from tooting . winston thinks it's just an ordinary suburb in the south east of london .
hannah will call the police as she can hear her neighbours fighting .
diana and tom went for a trip to italy . she saw pisa and florence but found them too touristy . they went also to arezzo and siena , but what she liked most were the little villages . tom rented a car and they drove around . they went to chianti . diana and tom will come to margaret for dinner on monday .
tina and john were arranged to come for dinner to matt and maya tonight . maya was wondering how much red wine to buy . it has been a stressful week for matt workwise . maya offers to cancel the dinner , if matt doesn't feel like it . matt decides to cancel the dinner .
thomas will cook dinner tonight . megan suggested that he should cook teriyaki bowl . she shared her recipe with thomas .
martha , bridget and jenna want to go to belfast for 3 days on january 3 . martha found tickets for 38 pln .
charlotte is watching a movie at 4 a . m . because she can't sleep . both her and daisy suffer with insomnia .
lora from the insurance company will inspect mary's house in 10 minutes .
tim had lunch with isabel . she's leaving jackie today . they've been 4 years together , as natalie points out . before that isabel was with nicky for 7 years . nicky didn't date anybody after they broke up . vicky is indifferent about isabel . natalie wil update mandy on gossips .
there was a math test yesterday . olivia didn't know because she was sick . the teacher announced it on monday .
ben got into regional football championship . dave is proud of him . dave filmed most of the match . sandra came to the game . john will be watching mattie play on saturday . juniors start at 3 30 , teens start around 5 30 . john and dave will meet on saturday's game .
fabio shares a video which presents the way kids are brought up today in a safe and comfortable way . carla points out it was different in their generation .
kylie is having a bad day as she spilled coffee all over her computer . emery is also unhappy as his teacher yelled at him for not doing an assignment emery was actually not given .
mum and caron are going to decide what to eat for dinner when mum gets home . there is a new restaurant on the high street past lloyds . caron might go shopping later .
grace can't see the video it's unavailable in england and she's frustrated about this fact .
robert will be there next week . he has a gig in moneverdi . ellis and robert will arrange something together .
barbra refuses to accompany lidia to church .
owen will not watch ben10 tonight , as he will not be at home .
andrew is in london . he's meeting julie for a coffee at 2 pm .
mary and lizy are happy for anna who is going to france .
according to pierre , tipping is not common in italy , because tips are generally included in bills .
ethan asks oscar about the progress in recording the music he is making with john and oliver . everything wil probably be finished in 2 weeks . ethan will not be here at that time , because he will be here next week .
bob can't find his ipad , because rose borrowed it . he is upset , because rose borrowed it without asking . he doesn't like rose entering his room without his permission . bob threatens rose to call parents . bob won't call parents , if rose won't tell them about his party .
teresa started learning spanish two days ago because she's travelling next week . she wants to learn some basic words because from her experience , the spanish don't speak english .
john is looking for a place to buy a replacement for his motorbike alternator .
the website which sells an ebook laura wants to buy is requiring some confidential data .
amber asks if anyone wants to meet for a coffee tomorrow . sydney wants to join her . bill is flying to belarus tomorrow to visit the family of natalia . he'll be back on 15th january .
konrad wants to take tom from the olimpia hotel when he arrives there . tom departs from dublin airport at 20 45 and he will be at the hotel between 22 30 23 00 .
the ocean is taking away kiribati , because of risen sea levels . eve's neighbours are planning to move to new zealand next year .
zack wants to watch the avengers but daniel hates sequels .
kate's mom had no time to prepare the dinner , so she left her money on the counter to order something .
davis calls his dad to check up on him . kurtis , davis's mom , answers the call because his dad has left his phone behind .
ellen wants to get a tatoo , kelly is sceptical and not very helpful in making this decision .
zack is in the shops asking gill if they need anything . they need washing powder and kitchen towels . due to a lot of people zack might be home around 6 or 6 30 . nick is not home yet and they need to talk to him .
mary will work for jared as a manager in his new restaurant . she will start by checking out 4 locations .
kenneth invites paul for a trip to disney world . paul is excited and will look into details for the whole group .
dennis and louis have fallen out about mandy .
farah wants to go on a funfair with ria . ria cannot afford it , she has recently lost her job because of punctuality issues .
michelle can't find a house that she likes . isabella wants to sell her house . ben's friend has a house for sale near staton park .
laura was asked by her mother to buy groceries . laura wants martha to help her , because she has to finish a school project . martha will buy pancakes , syrup , milk , chips , pork , chicken , 4 salmon fillets and 4 catfish fillets .
roger forgot to take out the rubbish , as reminded by bob . he'll do it after work .
violet sends oliver some photos from the ball .
patty went to a boring party last night at rooster . john and patty think that rooster is not the same place anymore because most of the fun people are already gone and the first year students are uninspiring .
blair wants to work out with kelly , who is unconvinced about that .
victoria quit her job at a corporation . she wants to open her own business .
factory bathrooms must be used till construction work is finished . a few people have used the loo while the works were ongoing , which is disgusting . suzanne will circulate the notice . construction work is going to take longer than planned .
molly's already home . amy's still on her way back home but she's almost there .
layla needs jacob's help with her flowers .
tom will come for one lesson of english at the upper intermediate level . the group has 4 students . the text book they use is english file .
bertolucci died last week of lung cancer . isla loved his films especially little buddha which she saw together with isabella . isabella prefers besieged .
mathew's son is starting school tomorrow . tim , anna , tina and daniel can't believe he's so big and wish him good luck .
pauline is throwing a surprise 30th birthday party for chris , her fiancee . she is also planning a baby shower .
henry is going to bed . elizabeth and henry will see each other tomorrow .
rita is in spain . vicky is going to iceland with olivier . vicky and olivier are playing board games .
freya never wears make up and she has no make up products . amanda is surprised about it .
lea is back from her trip and she liked grand canyon the most and brought zack the newest vogue from new york . she travelled together with ana and patrick , and ana wanted to kill him a couple of times . lea found vegas disappointing and tacky .
luke and mike are learning for the english test . julia has sent them the copy of the material .
ann and eva are going to have lunch together at 13 .
brenda sends birthday wishes to her brother nick . brenda gave nick a gift bluetooth speaker . nick is going to florida this week . brenda and nick are going out to eat on sunday around 6 30 .
mike's sending a free sample of his new software to jim and wants him to test it .
scarlett will pick up jacob at 8pm and take him to the cinema .
since the website is not ready yet , jack sends abby just photos . she is impressed with the website's design . she believes the internet will broaden people's horizons in the future .
jessica and olympia like clarissa's photo .
sia had to go home because she's got period .
beatrix's dog is running everywhere and catriona cooked this today .
gemma and dina are meeting at 6 . 30 .
owen is buying beer . jenna wants coors , noah peroni .
clara and finn are considering going on a 6 day trip with mike and his girlfriend . finn is unsure he can handle her for that long .
telma will buy cheddar for tom and blueberries for amy at tesco .
diana will go for a walk with walter at three o'clock , if she gets all her work done by then .
zenobia is looking for building no 42 . adonis provides directions to get there .
randall is at the store . he will buy a loofa , a make up brush and pink nail polish for sidney .
felix hasn't signed the petition about the animal shelter from his and fanny's street .
ally wants to organise a meeting this weekend . abigail doesn't wan to go because she's busy and she doesn't like this kind of meetings .
khabib has beaten mcgregor . khabib's trainer poked mcgregor's trainer , which resulted in a brawl .
frances offers agnes to bring a dictionary she needs as a source for the project to her office today . she has a meeting not far from it and will be there before 14 00 . agnes can keep the book for a week or longer . she will ask lucas after he is back from holiday to give his opinion on the project .
piatek stroke two goals in a debut , as martin reports .
darrell has moved to lublanska . he spends over 2 . 5 h commuting , so he should get a new car . now he and heidi work close to each other . they'll have a lunch together at 12 30 .
ed sheeran wore a t shirt to a ceremony , for which he was called out . dex justified ed because he also likes to feel comfortable in his clothes .
stevie forgot to pay the electricity bill today . he will do it tomorrow morning .
maddie , gabriel , nina and tash are going to the club this weekend . tolpuddle 5 are playing during the event .
kim and ella have arrived in bangkok . they're staying there for 5 days . they were in kuala lumpur before bangkok . they will hang out with ella's friends . they plan to visit chiang mai and phnom penh .
peter didn't show up at shannelle's birthday party . shannele will show him photos when he visits her .
jim will buy 5 kg of cat food at martha's request .
finn's car has been repaired ahead of schedule despite initial problems with the replacement part . he can pick it up from the shop during opening hours .
leon will borrow itzel's camera .
archie did not get the car yet .
patricia wants niall to check if she turned off the heater . niall is doing some overtime work .
josh has been to a concert of acid monkeys . trish doesn't know them so he sent her a link to listen to .
abigail tries to cheer up olivia and kate with an adorable cat video .
leon wants hugo to bring him 3 beers . elliot wants sprite .
louis can't find his tablet . he found it thanks to bonnie .
ingrid is looking for her cat . gary saw him this morning .
luther is the sexiest man alive , but his character in the series isn't .
alan came back from milan and brought carlo dylan dog comics . alan met up with giovanna in milan .
tina can't join sandy as she needs to keep writing an essay on psychology for monday . she has to write 30 pages , but has only 5 now .
the favourite colour of ali and grace is white .
miguel is going to buy the same 8 oil that ines has . there are cheaper ones , but they're like 2 . 5 only . ines is using the one with normal flavor .
sarah and larry like to watch the chase . they have much appreciation for bradley walsh , who also featured in coronation street . there is a rumour that ann hegarty will take part in i'm a celebrity . . . get me out of here ! . larry and sarah are impatient to watch it .
madeleine and dakota love watching friends .
jim likes it at college but has some problems with his roommates who make noise .
elijah doesn't want to back up esme when confronting tonya .
ben , meg and kelly give nancy advice on how to improve her daily routine .
peter will post the questions and answers from yesterday's exam on facebook .
the tesco that's out of town has the cheapest gas according to alice and sara .
lara is interested in babysitting for tom 7 30 to 17 00 plus some evenings . tom and lara want to meet at the weekend so she could start on monday . tom will check lara's cv and call her in the evening .
beatrice is selling a dress that abigail is interested in buying . abigail and beatrice arrange a meeting on friday between 2 and 3 pm so that abigail can try it on . beatrice sends abigail a link with her home address .
joe and harry haven't spoken since last year . they are going to meet up at bourbon st . on friday and grab a burger .
monica's going to prepare dumpligs , some fish , an apple pie and gingerbread cookies for christmas . cindy considers baking a gingerbread house and taking part in a competition where the prize is 1000 . monica offers cindy her help with baking .
lucas is unavailable to petsit agnes's kitty next saturday . he's going to his best friend's bachelor party in ustron .
carol is getting a full body massage half price for 75 . she booked an appointment with sandra at 1 pm . liz will wait until carol goes to find out her opinion . liz will ask around but carol doesn't want to know if she chose badly .
ron asks ann and sissy to lock the door to the white room only once . ann has the key to studio 2 .
amy seems down to brie lately . amy's partner broke up with her recently .
baldwin is looking for his favourite mug . it's not in the dishwasher .
eleanor's paper got rejected from the conference in boston . eleanor believes it might be because she's not active enough in the association . edgar will be at the conference . edgar and eleanor will meet in nyc in december .
wilson promised to show ana ron's wedding live but they have a problem with the internet . ana couldn't be there as she had an emergency and she had to fly back . ana will call everyone later . wilson will keep sending ana pictures and videos .
edward will bring bella's notebook to the office .
sam is catching 10 45 train and is sitting in the 5th compartment .
the bus timetable has changed . the prices will go up next month .
sid owes cam money . he wants to give it back this week .
lyman promotes the charity action concerning donation of used clothes .
natalie bought broadway tickets in the front row . catherine'd go if she could afford it .
carolyn bought fantastic shoes on the internet .
after graduating , anne would like to be a teacher . stephen still doesn't know what he'd like to do .
ann cannot find the black t shirt , so carol will check in her suitcase if she packed it .
jason seeks suggestions for oahu in hawaii , where he will stay for a week with his lady . rio lives in hawaii but never visited oahu , and he recommends going with marlin travels .
dave wants eli to watch a stand up show about men women relationship . it's about 8 minutes long .
ryanair lost theresa's luggage . theresa has to wait in the hotel for ryanair to track the suitcase . she will see if she can get any compensation .
kim has a nice new job at a hotel . however , she sometimes needs to take night shifts , up to 3 times a week . she's busy accommodating her job with the university and doesn't get much sleep . kim is coming back for this or next weekend she will inform kourtney .
sally will get the cinema tickets when she is down the guays . rob went to the doctor this morning about his rotatory cuff damage . the doctor ordered him to have an xray before an operation is considered . he should have it next week .
gloria and paul had an argument yesterday . they are friends again .
jocelyn wants to change her hair style but not cut her hair too short . she will show her hairdresser a picture riley sent her .
maurice is in brussels . albert is planning a trip to europe to visit old friends in august .
holly fell down and hurt herself , but can manage on her own . she is in sasanki taking the bus from the station .
ann's daughter is 2 years old . she has a pink dress and is adorable .
frank bought a sofa . veronica doesn't like it . they will talk about it when he's back .
bob is interested in purchasing a chest of drawers from jack . bob cannot pick it up himself from kingswood in east bristol and jack doesn't deliver as he doesn't own a car . bob will not buy the chest .
jill and jo are planning to meet tomorrow morning , caren will let them know if she can .
marianne is spending summer in vaduz . marianne doesn't speak german well , because she speaks english with peter all the time . marie has never taught jeffrey french .
johnny , sara and kent will meet in the soccer field .
rick found luke's keys under his car seat . rick is at home for the next few days . luke is going to message rick about when he will pick them up .
szymon's ex girlfriend , tina , got married and szymon is upset about it .
chris is going interrail for a week and will be traveling first class through italy and france . he will be sleeping in a two bed sleeping compartment on the train and in hotels . the trip differs from the ones that he used to do while studying .
anna would like to buy a watch for her partner's birthday . austin will help her pick one while shopping together .
jason and walt exchange cat videos .
howie will come to the capital after the 15th .
blase is stuck in traffic . toby is worried that they will miss the game .
grubber took jacob's 200 and there's no way to contact him .
monica will buy eggs and small tomatoes for dad who wants to make fritatta today .
leopold is going to have dinner with lucy at the taj mahal curry house today . leopold still has work to do , but he can finish it after dinner then stay over at lucy's because her parents are away .
jenny is angry at amy for telling ted about her cheating .
zoe is very tired . she and miles will watch tv together .
the computer mouse doesn't work . emma needs a new one now to make an assignment for tomorrow . william will do something .
tim's parents are going to spain for 2 weeks and want tim to take care of the house . tim's planning to throw a party while his parents are away . chris agrees to lend tim his speakers .
olivia is dressing up as a fairy or a witch or something else . olivia didn't have a costume last time . amelia is seeing olivia at 6 pm at olivia's to go shopping . olivia and amelia will figure her costume out together .
gabi prepared a cleaning schedule . natasha will clean the flat this week .
martha will let bill know if the details are correct .
debbie will make cookies today for the first time in her life .
jackie has found a new job and she's about to give in her notice . sandy learned about this from the email .
auntie dotty is travelling , she has visited merida , the capital state of yucatan and has seen the maya temples chichen itza and uxmal . auntie dotty is sharing some photos of her trip with timmy .
dave and tracy are having trouble finding a reasonably priced hotel in vienna . bratislava was much cheaper . it's only 2 nights . dave will keep trying on booking . com . tracy has a 10 discount there .
caroline is a german translator . vanessa will email her the documents she needs translated . caroline will respond from home in the afternoon .
anna and grace will meet with their friends for some drinks on saturday .
copper and paul were supposed to meet today at 3 , but they will meet at 4 .
sue's dad is getting medical tests . les will visit him on saturday .
denise has to take care of her little brother on the weekend while her parents are gone . she dislikes that . emily suggests she could take him to the park . denise likes the idea as she could invite new boy from her class to join them .
lexi will inform ken that arlo wants to see him . arlo has a message from ken's wife to pass .
april is sick and will stay in bed . she had to reschedule the meeting with john for next week .
mat missed the bus and decided to walk home . on his way , he found a tenner and a fiver on the ground . he spent that money on sweets .
helmut will be home late because of delays on the s bahn . danny went out .
patrick will come over for the match at 8 30 . patrick will bring a couple of beers and nuts .
ricky went on a diet . he will have a lunch with gary .
mary hasn't read 27 dreams . anna recommends the book .
graham plans to go on holiday to croatia by plane this year as the tickets booked in advance are cheap . he claims however that the holiday in croatia is getting more expensive each year . steven claims that it's going to be cheaper to go to thailand soon .
johnny forgot his lunch and money . joan will bring it to the school office in about twenty minutes .
isabel will leave jared a copy in his mailbox . jared won't be able to read it before the evening .
martin has seen the weather forecast and it's going to be hot and sunny . glenda is angry because she already packed all her summer stuff .
eve has netflix . paul does not have netflix . greg will share a netflix account with paul .
jake , alex and lily's class is held in room 214 .
iwona stands for globalism in contrast to akihiro and bolesław . in bolesław's opinion , people should be proud of their history . akihiro notices that visegrád states are more conscious of the danger of globalism than japan .
laura is going to visit pisa . teddy is renting a car and they're going to saturnia , probably on tuesday . sean wants to join but he must ask his boss first .
uncle pete needs the new number to rachel's father . uncle pete and his wife will visit rachel's family .
emma and beth don't like school . beth is thinking about apprenticeship at her aunt's salon . both girls like nat . beth also likes joe , emma's brother .
mary's telephone number is 07911 123456 .
alice will join sam , paul , christie and nate on friday night at 9pm at the game pub . they're going to play some board games . they might go for drinks afterwards .
hall has seen the new season of the plebs . peggy despises the series . haley , aston and craven are more than interested in changes . peggy spoils the plot .
laura is interested in getting albert's phone . it's still available and she can come to pick it up today . however , pick up is not an option for her and albert doesn't plan to mail it .
roul will help gina with running the report for her boss . she will take him out for lunch .
rose's favourite royal is meghan and she's gossiping with jenny and nancy about her pregnancy . they don't like the fact that the pregnancy was announced a day after eugenie's wedding .
george and arthur are going to greece for holidays for 2 weeks .
maria has not returned jorim's history book yet . he needs her to give it back tomorrow .
mandy agrees to put carla up at their place tonight .
jenny gives james a couple pin points about his cv and applying for junior project manager at netflix . she speaks highly of the atmosphere and her employer .
karen suggests to avi that they play a story telling game and they make up they story .
simon is moving to brussels . frank will give simon his vinyls back on friday at 8 pm .
jamie and maggie are meeting at noon tomorrow at a spot by the river . maggie is preparing peanut butter turkey . jamie has corn and sausages .
rick will check for karen if there is a band playing downtown this weekend .
tom is in the upper cloister .
teacher gave ava and noah another week to work on their projects . they didn't decide on the subject yet .
colin will come at 8 or later tonight .
a hacker from spain logged in mark's mailbox and sent messages with a suspicious link included . mark tells gabriel , sarah and hannah not to open them . sarah advises mark to change all his passwords .
rose and jack love messi and are happy about him getting the man of the match award in yesterday's match .
mr . smith and mr . blackwell are going to meet half an hour later than planned .
will is interested in doing free master's in poland .
mark and cate are watching the game tonight . sue might join mark but cate will stay in as she needs to be at work early in the morning .
josh made it to the gate at the last moment , as they're almost done with boarding .
barbara and stanley enjoyed playing beat saber on ps4 last night . they consider buying a console , but first they need to have their car repaired . they start discussing how fast time flies . they have a table booked at violet sushi for 6 people at 6 pm .
oliver is hosting a game night at his place at 9 pm . fifa's included . george , jack and noah are in .
logan studies at the medical college .
roman and beth are going to see the new aquaman movie on friday and have a pizza after that .
andrew recommends phil a garage .
bruce has a hangover after drinking with his co workers .
james sends josh photos of his new kitchen .
the page fred and greg are looking at is full of funny memes .
jenny , rose and nancy are excited about meghan's pregnancy and the announcement of it a day after eugenie's wedding . .
abigail created a chat , so brian and donald can communicate with each other without involving her in the conversation .
yeterday it was warm and sunny . today it's freezing . peter thinks it's because of global warming . jimmy hated underpants when he was a kid . now jimmy thinks underpants are a good idea . peter hated resting at preschool . peter thinks it would be a good idea to rest an hour a day at work .
bonnie and tyler's parents' car is broken so they have to reschedule their family dinner .
caron and dee fallows discuss many different meet ups . dee fallows is in ireland . caron has bought a pair of sally morgan glasses .
lara is meeting molly at mercy's at 7 .
pete and jake are worried about brexit and polish people living there . pete believes it won't be good for britain .
frank and claire are going somewhere at 8 pm .
darrick texted the wrong zoe .
isis hate winters here . lewis points out that you need money to go somewhere warm .
fay's cat started attacking mary . natalie recommends dr . anna smith 98765432 as behaviourist .
luna wants to lose some weight because she can't fit in her jeans .
rich is about to buy a piece of land . the site got zoning for a shopping mall . rich and ron will meet tomorrow at 2 pm in rich's office to talk about developing the land .
brenda and alessia will meet for coffee in an hour .
joan has all the christmas presents ready . margaret is seeking advice on what to buy for the family members . sammy left hayley with jojo and got back to his wife . joan helps her with the baby . margaret goes with keith to the outlet place on friday . joan is decorating christmas cake .
ryan set up a meeting for the wrong time . tara will come at 8 am .
lilly is off to antwerp and will be back on tuesday or wednesday . lilly will see alicia next week .
darren is at the taco shop and offers to get something for his children . they have a problem with deciding . dana takes 2 baja tacos , 1 brisket , queso and diet coke . ron wants chicken quesadilla .
kate did their invitations by herself , but she consulted her graphic design lecturer . they will start handing them out personally next week . they will only send one invitation to kate's aunt in canada .
finnick may not get time off in july and august so he and macy may not be able to visit macy's family in italy . however , they're still going on holiday with ginger in september .
lilia is sitting with her friends , some of whom are gay . lilia and randall find being gay awkward but they laugh it off .
jeremy can't log into his work account today . john recommended him to call the helpdesk .
george has 1h break from classes at the uni .
maverick and marcus will meet on skype today at 9pm .
charles and maurice are not able to meet with the customer coming at 9 . 30 . maurice tells charles to ask ben about his availability .
martha had a dinner with her grandma , because she's broke . dominique lost a lot of money on private health care .
mom wantsto buy a new lamp and sends verity a link to one of them . verity likes it .
buba will not tell lala where she was last night .
tony told his parents . it went well . his mother knew it already . his father was not very happy .
james and michael are joking about technology and humanity .
john took henry's wallet . henry wants to contact him but john's phone is off . john is neither with jesus nor with gleydson .
george bought the tickets .
olivia was bitten by a spider . she will buy an ointment at the pharmacy .
terry , matt and kai are going to land in pisa at about 11 pm . there is one hour difference between portugal and austria .
max will be late . he is stuck in a traffic jam on washington avenue near ikea . the traffic jam is caused by an accident . max will join theo , if the situation is resolved in time . max will tell thelma what has happened .
henry will go to a concert with barbara on saturday night .
margaret has an exam today . it starts at 9 . she will inform alex and lisa about the results afterwards ,
nick is on a short holiday in london . he's working on his phd thesis and will defend it by the end of this academic year . harriett has been to a few concerts , and is tired of work .
jacob and martin won't have the german test tomorrow as their teacher is sick again .
dean and jo have an exam on friday .
jake , jack and martin are watching roma milan . piatek has scored again .
amanda arrived yesterday . by mistake sally booked a place in bridgetown . amanda stays at apple hall on the other side of the island . tomorrow john will go to bottom bay . sally considers joining .
beth , poppy , molly and pauline love their children but they don't enjoy motherhood . beth wants to talk about it more often .
zac will order an uber for harvey at the city hall because she has problems with her credit card .
kate wants to go to the seminar , but ralph convinces her it is going to be very boring . kate and ralph are going for drinks instead . they are meeting in 30 minutes at the bar .
jerry will open the door for tom .
bob is going for a date with julia . they are going to the cinema to watch a horror movie .
melvin is leaving milan tomorrow . he will buy amaretti and nocciolato gianduja at liz's request .
she doesn't know how horrible she looks because she doesn't have a mirror .
geri is already at the theater , amy will be there soon , tim was late , tabby has just arrived .
jeff , jum and geoffrey will play football at the weekend after arranging the team and place .
someone broke into patrick's car and stole his backpack . inside the backpack there was patrick's computer with his phd thesis in history , almost finished , but not submitted . patrick didn't have a safe copy elsewhere .
maria shares too much on facebook which bothers nicholas . her last post was about her love life . diane talked to her about that before . nicholas is getting messages from their common friends that laugh at her and gossip . diane will talk to her again over a coffee .
pietro fooled mike into believing he broke up with annie . pietro and annie watched juventus match yesterday .
neville and georgina have watched roma and liked it .
florence has just landed . florence , ottilie , eleanor , jack and john will have a dinner at mami wata tonight . ottilie will make a reservation .
paul hasn't received a new visa yet . paul will call the bank tomorrow . paul and ana are going to mexico in two weeks .
avery and nicholas are going to see a play at the theatre to celebrate their anniversary .
dave and larry are mad because of brexit .
julia's posted a question on fb about vegan places and got a comment from john about ruining out country's economy . rick knows him and suggests she ignores his comment as he has very radical views he likes sharing with others .
gerald and maggie will be home very late . judith will let their dog out around 4 . the key to the house is under the frog . judith will join gerald and maggie for dinner .
elvire is going to the next pto to talk to her son's math teacher because she doesn't approve of his teaching methods . antonia plans to go with her and support her cause . they ll meet at 4 45 pm .
madeline is not sure if she turned off the electric heater in the office . kevin has the key to the office , but he and greg are still out . tomorrow madeline is in dublin , but she intends to get the keys from kevin over the weekend , probably sunday .
monica will be at charles' place in 10 minutes and she is stuffed to the brim . charles doesn't want any ice cream , he'll eat something else .
alfie doesn't like his name . holly likes it .
alba is in lopburi which is the city of monkeys . she's heading to phitsanulok and chiang mai next . alba hasn't been to the islands yet .
jacob will see daniel next week to check out his new motorbike .
joan is almost ready to go for a wedding and will save kim a seat . they are talking about the long lost friends who will also be there . kim and joan will get there by taxi .
lincoln has received andrew's email and will review it soon .
isabelle doesn't sleep at night so linda is sleep deprived . john will get some take away rice and noodles on his way home .
ann's coming home . she's very hungry . jim made some pasta and salad .
anne , chantal and meghan are going to the integration party tomorrow .
anna asked caroline for her pancake recipe . caroline sent her a photo from her notebook .
rick has left his black sweater at phil's place yesterday . phil will bring it to practice tomorrow .
neither anita nor casper liked the ending of dexter . anita recommends peaky blinders .
nick found some bugs in the file that need to be eliminated . bart is attending management meeting at 10 . bart will book the conference room for his meeting with nick tomorrow around 8 45 .
eva is going back home this weekend and is going to the beach with jodie and claudia .
dell and andrea are meeting on facetime in about 10 minutes .
ben and will are stuck in the traffic .
ruby will be making drinks .
candy and kelvin met earlier today for the first time . they will meet again tomorrow .
dean and daniel planned to go for a swim today . dean has already been waiting for 15 minutes , because daniel has forgotten about it and is still home .
martha has seen bohemian rhapsody with her boyfriend . she's been dating him for 2 years . her boyfriend has a brother named andy .
daina finds disgusting a video alvin thinks is funny .
nick sends julia a song to ask for her opinion and she really likes it .
karisa is undecided about what she wants to eat . she chooses soup but the soup place is already closed . lenny will buy chips and salad instead .
tom wishes ann and her family merry christmas .
susie is at work . evan is at the gym , but he's leaving in 15 minutes . chad and kenneth will meet at the gym in 20 minutes .
ben is reminding jack and sandra about tomorrow's submission deadline .
nichola , billie , tracy , and greg are at a funky disco party . gertie couldn't join because she has to take care of her grandparents .
peter , charles , anita and mark are meeting tonight at 7 . 30 in the lobby of sheraton next to prudential .
joel has sent mark a video from their youth and they bond over shared memories . joel plans to invite all the people featuring in his video for a reunion . joel will get back to mark with more details soon .
alexis is looking for a song that the dj played at the party . samuel sends her the link .
gregg has just seen the girl max is infatuated with . max has not talked to her yet , since he is waiting for a perfect moment to do so .
polly called the bank and they changed her transaction limit . now polly can use her card and doesn't need tony's card . polly will set up a revolut account . tony will send polly an invite to revolut .
teddy , mark and others went partying last night . mr . johansen wouldn't be happy about it , but , luckily for mark , he's on a trip today .
natasha and terry are leaving sankt petersburg .
claire's 30th birthday is next week . roberta and gertruda are already 30 and don't feel any different than before .
emma hasn't supported financially the project recently . mary , cecil and miles have to do something about that if they don't want the project to die .
the exam that paula and helen took was difficult .
chris regrets eating over his keyboard .
mary and james love each other very much .
infinity war is a great film .
lucy is leaving in 5 minutes . polly and gertrude are waiting for her .
reuben wants lucy and marvin to join him , daisy , and norma for a walk .
alyssa and kate advise joselyn to choose the red one instead of the black one .
kas charges 12 pounds per lesson plus 50p per mile there and back for mileage . kas is available on weekends , on thursday after 4 pm and all day on friday . kas teaches children as well . it would cost 22 pounds per hour , if kas came to nialsea for lessons . kas teaches from home too .
emily , brittany and eric wish each other merry christmas .
margot , edward , henry and lia will go to bosnia and herzegovina . they want to see sarajevo and mostar there .
luke's staying home with twins at christmas . jonah's going with julie to hers and after to his parents . his son loves travelling by car . they're planning to meet at luke's on boxing day .
greg cannot pick up jim's phone call because he is in the restroom .
he dressed as spiderman on his last day at work . david thinks it's funny .
it's been 3 years since paul's father died .
patricia , preston and reynold are sharing vines .
samantha sends benjamin an offer . it got cheaper so they need to buy now .
jill will be a little late . june is almost there and she will get a nice table for them .
omari asked tori to share the pictures with him , also those taken at the shopping center . ethan has some more pictures .
audrey and adam are annoyed with the political situation in the uk concerning the brexit . audrey reckons the country is less powerful than before and people can be easily manipulated . adam reckons the main problem is with real nationalists who share their believes with society .
zack will come in a minute .
mary auckland , the professor sent christopher lucas a ma thesis example .
alan's united airlines flight was delayed and his bag was lost . alan arrived to san fransisco . his bag will be brought to his hotel tomorrow .
tracy burnt a cake and she's looking for advice how to save it . nick suggests to peel it with a knife , dylan thinks grating off is better . tracy grates the burnt part off .
matthias shares a funny piece of news with john about china building a horizontal skyscraper . they both wish to see it one day .
ann announces to john and joan that they got a new important contract with google . it'll permit them to grow by 50 . ann will explain the details during their stand up on monday .
sam is more prepared for the exam than cal . they hope that the exam will not be as difficult as last year .
troy is throwing a birthday party at his place this friday as he is turning 25 . he is inviting around 15 people . troy's sister will be there too . tracey and paul will come . troy will cook food for the guests .
kevin wishes happy birthday to simon . kevin'd like to see simon at his wedding but simon's not sure about the exact date of his return . simon promises to visit kevin and his wife as soon as he's back .
gil bought a lot of plastic plates but he doesn't need them . he'll offer them to the place's owner .
anthony and samantha are happy about the last minute decision announcing the independence day long weekend . luke worries about the political situation and the economy .
confused with the declaration in june and having the option to choose classes in august , aga , maria , iga , przemek , ehefan , and rohit want to resign from the classes , but the dean says no .
nadia is watching russian doll and is afraid that it will be a rip off from groundhog day .
henry will wake up at 6 am tomorrow . they are leaving home at 7 , since there are few parking places at the underground station .
kelly is sick . ally made her chicken soup , and she'll deliver it to kelly in 20 minutes .
suzie is upset about her cats ruining her new couch .
bertha and maude met at the quilt show . bertha needs some help with the double wedding ring pattern . maude has made it at least 5 times and can help bertha .
casper , wandzia and jake are recalling high school times .
john is going to write a song . he wrote songs before but did not advertise it . paul suggested writing a song about world peace .
keira wants to meet tom for coffee climbing wall next week . he is available on tuesday and thursday , but not wednesday . keira will let him know in a few days . tom is going to portugal , baleal peniche , in two weeks , but will have to work remotely . it is his 4th time visiting the same place .
dylan is allowed to use the computer today . the password is 'study' .
maria , martha and tamara will attend the next meeting of the community next thursday at 9 pm .
bobby asks jasmine to go out to the cinema tonight . she rejects his proposition , she has already set up a meeting with an old friend .
siddhi wishes greg happy new year and he wishes her the same . they're both fine .
david is cold again and would like to know what to do to stay healthy . hayden eats a lot of vegetables and make smoothies . hayden encourages david to do the same . david will try to make a smoothie the next day .
ania and franek are watching river dale .
bart wants to change his job . el agreed to write bart a reference . bart will send el a list of his responsibilities .
sidney is delaying his help with packing stuff . carlie is really frustrated with his attitude .
alissa is picking sophie up .
zoey is going to buy a playstation network gift card for jeff . emmanuel recommended it .
joshua wants to either approve or delete a file . evelyn and aria reckon it's not an ad so would approve it .
maria will be downstairs in 3 minutes .
meg and her friends are meeting at her place on saturday at 8 . eva is going to join them .
amy took sam's phone again .
jake is flying to puglia in october . according to margaret , he should visit lecce , alberobello , polignano a mare and gargano .
debra will have a little decluttering party on friday at her house . angelica and heather will help debra with some of her stuff to get rid of it .
gabe has re sent a photo from new york to tatiana .
jenny morris sharpei will pop over for 12 . she will bring some drops for molly and wormer . council should come out this week . jenny morris sharpei and caron has to finish off preparations . andy and caron will take luna and molly for a big walk on sunday . jenny is fine with her new chap .
jack will meet oliver at the front gate in 10 min tops .
joanna doesn't feel well . simona feels ok . jo called sue at 1pm , but she didn't pick up . she will call her .
alfie and mia's mother has birthday this week . they will buy her a spa treatment .
anna is 20 min late . nina will wait .
alan arrived . james is coming .
leslie , jackie , mike , lucy and josh are meeting at leslie's place at 6 . jackie made a salad . lucy tired to make a cake , but it didn't go well . mike , lucy and josh don't consider themselves good cooks .
there are 67 days left till christmas . it's beth's turn to invite her family over , so she has a lot of preparations to do .
david , yoav , and yuval send birthday wishes .
julia can't come to julie today because she's very tired after her business trip to canada .
mike , tom , kate and chris are discussing narcos .
suzanne can't go out this week as she has a lot of work , but she will meet with barbara for a quick coffee .
mary wants to invite peter and matthew over . peter can make it but matthew can't due to the exam on tuesday .
milla made an appointment with the allergy specialist on jane's recommendation next week . sue needs a check up too .
wesley does not like laura's new boyfriend . melissa had the opposite impression and wonders if they should tell laura . wesley feels she will be fine .
rudy , gary , may and paula haven't seen each other in 7 years . paula is in berlin , gary in chicago , and may works as a teacher in china . she's planning to stay there for 2 more years .
hank has seen all the episodes of this season of american gods . he liked it , though he has not read the novel . according to bill the series is faithful to the original and also all the other books by gaiman are worth reading .
matthias and jeff are on the highway and should be in baltimore in around 2 hours . matthias is driving .
jane stood amanda up . they were supposed to go to the cinema together . linda will come with her instead . they are meeting at 8 .
andres and laura are planning to go to a cinema . they decide to go to see cold war as they liked another movie by the same director . they are going to meet at kulturbrauerei at 8 . 45 on thursday . before that , laura meets lina to do yoga .
ella has missed the bus and will be a bit late .
mitch will be helping reine with the software installation tomorrow at 10 am . lily might need his assistance at that time too . reine's new account hasn't been created yet .
thomas is waiting for his turn at the doctor's . thomas and jason agree that all public services in their country need radical reform .
octavio is in rio . gabriel saw his pictures on facebook . he will come to rio for the carnival and stay with vicente . octavio and gabriel had fun last year .
philip and olivia are going to acro this weekend .
caroline booked the hotel for sven . he will be there on friday and caroline wants him to be on time .
lynn wants to have one christmas jam from kittie . lynn's made her own marmelade from organic oranges bought this morning .
denny has an appointment at 10 . he'll call wilma afterwards .
lennie sends daddy a picture of his location . the place is full of snow for christmas .
daniel has just finished watching grand blue anime series , recommending it to tyler . tyler will put grand blue on his to watch list .
yesterday luna met with a man who was wearing a track suit . he did not offer to pay for her coffee . she would like to meet him again .
nate thinks the place is fine but they only serve seafood . they don't lke sea food . bill is going to look for another place .
sean's grandfather celebrates his 100th birthday tomorrow so they're organizing a party for 50 people at the weekend . sean might do something for his grandfather rather than buy a present .
matt and jess are going to meet in 15 minutes at jess's place . they are going to have some ice cold vodka .
victoria's stressed and it's her turn .
brian can't go to the meeting with jeff neither today , nor on monday .
tommy made his first steps . greta is proud of him .
clarks suggests a book emily should read .
susanne is going to visit anna during winter break . they might meet tom , too .
julia is staying in paris at least two weeks and will pay molly a visit to meet molly's little princess .
susan , tom and linda are bored at the university lecture . linda sends photo of her drawings .
conner got the jacket , shoes and a wig to match . becky will take care of the playlist . bryan won't make it . gabby and jo will be there .
marc and john are looking at a photo and discussing the appearance of their friends .
hope invited rosa for a night in with friends on thursday after 7 pm . rosa will bring some snacks .
lea will make an advert for sash's van business . sash and lea will meet tomorrow .
janet will start queuing to enter the new supermarket at 7 am on her mother's request . vicky and marta are very tired .
simone fell down the stairs and broke his leg .
nick likes metallica , glitch mob , eminem , snoop dogg , the black keys . dave is trying to configure his youtube autoplay so that is resembles nick's .
lucas always finds prison break entertaining .
tom is working from home at the moment and will be at the office by 12 pm .
steven , trevor and logan are going to watch episodes 1 3 on the first night of their star wars marathon .
paula found an interesting article about rhetorics and shared it with camile .
victoria is in the toilet and there's no toilet paper . skylar will bring her some .
daisy will save episode 9 of suits on a flash drive and give it to luke .
radha wants to know when silvia and sarath will join her in breakfast . silvia's coming now and sarath'll join them in 20 minutes .
someone robbed james and may's place . they stole the tv , kitchen equipment and a laptop . the police is there and checks everything . the dogs didn't alarm james , because they were sleeping in the bedroom .
john will come and visit today .
laura is on the subway going to work . jeff hasn't left yet so he will bring his laptop on mary's request .
liv is trying on a piece of winter clothing which she thinks is warm and comfortable . roxana thinks she should take it .
sue met her yesterday for a glass of champagne and the meeting turned into a party .
steven will organize a meeting for his high school friends after 15 years . they will meet in the irish pub . roman and steven were conflicted .
josh , mark , emma and hannah are playing sports at 7 30 pm tonight .
alyssa , lou and gina are planning a pajama party . alyssa will make banana bread , they will order pizza and watch casablanca .
bruno and kate want to go on a sailing trip . tom will organise it and he recommends the caribbean . kate'll ask him to prepare the cost estimation .
julia skipped school today and was seen later with josh by hailey . emilia believes julia is in trouble because josh is gay . hailey didn't know he was homosexual .
pam and kitty will meet at the shrimp house at 3 pm to celebrate finishing their exams . plates at the shrimp house cost 30 35 pln . pam will clean her room first . pam spent the whole week studying .
patrick is throwing a party this weekend and would like to invite the new girl , jasmine , but he doesn't have her number .
telma lets holger vent .
he is really cool and paulina talks to him basically every day . they will meet in person next month if he is in town .
alejandra has been having a headache for several days now . she has been taking medicines for her headache but has not seen a doctor .
jeremy cannot log into his work account . he is dreading the prospect of having to call tech support .
angela saw 4 apartments this week . the one recommended by dolores was good , but it has a very small bedroom . angela wants to see a few more options and she will decide next week .
marlene breaks up with ned because he kissed another person . ned was drunk then and doesn't remember that .
tom asked her out . jeff doesn't like her .
daniel's friend loves animals . she adopted few animals from the shelter . now she has 6 dogs , a parrot and a fish .
ben is going to cinema with poppy to watch the nutcracker and the four realms .
aunt rosie wrote to olga . aunt rosie is coming back home from austria and getting married .
linn is cooking spaghetti carbonara in accordance with the italian recipe . zoe thinks linn's food looks delicious .
bob and michael got drunk last night . last place they visited before marge puked and they went home was called buenas nachos .
anna telka will eat a cream cone at dq again .
makayla is having a horror night with jason tonight . they will watch 'the shining' .
david has bought a pair of sneakers because he wants to stay fit . he also bought a ralph lauren jacket as a present for sandy .
david is waiting outside . bill and victoria are almost done , they need 10 minutes .
sam will bring andy beer and andy will do the dishes for a week . andy doesn't like desperados .
anabel gives malaki advice on applying foundation .
grace wants to create a band with jack and luke . luke thinks it is a good idea .
days are gloomy . next week it will be sunnier but colder . max has to do his workout outside next week . max and mia will meet this weekend .
peter , pip and jill are going to a festival together . they're going to meet up in a restaurant xyz next to the railway station .
matt finds all the latest avengers 4 theories fun but yuri and jack reckon it's a waste of time .
mike and jay enjoyed their team scoring two goals in final minute . steffen is not a hockey fan .
karan will go to nathan's office when he finishes . he has a report for nathan .
jason's flight was tiring but cool . jason wishes he had taken his pullover because it's cold at the east cost . mum wants jason to send lots od pics including the shoffey band . jason will visit the liberty statue tomorrow .
helen is admiring megan's dish .
vince and chuck will play fifa in one hour .
the cat is banging at the door and jim is supposed to let him in now .
mum and shirley saw each other in the weekend . shirley hasn't finished the fireplace wall yet . shirley needs to finish the backing and cover the inside of the fireplace . shirley sends mum a photo , when the work is finished .
jane's sent a document to jones via e mail .
fiona couldn't find jim until he waved at her .
susan got home safely .
this guy wants to exchange chris's crash bandicoot for another game . ronald will help chris decide which to choose when he knows what is offered .
carola , jay and kyle have to go for a obligatory meeting tonight in aspen 349 at 9 pm . they don't know if it is because they did something wrong .
joanna bought some cheap and nice pyjama pants for tina in xs size .
franz and mark are about to take a shower .
aaron is going to call linda tomorrow as he has a free morning .
connor will contact the replanting company to pick up his christmas tree and replant it in the forest . charlie has sent him the link .
edyta loves the ikea candles she bought in blue city and jannie wants to come too .
lonnie's favourite superhero is batman , randy's is superman and sam's spiderman .
sid will pick rose up at 6 , and she will pack him leftovers from the party at the office . what is left are meat dishes , soup and dessert .
johnny will lend 3 eggs to etham .
devin and nate are in a red ford mondeo at the parking lot near the main entrance . kai's going to join them .
becky has just bought a new house . kevin wants to help out . sharon will help too as she has an suv .
sherif wants aneta to translate an english website into polish . sherif will send the rest of the files by the end of week to make it easier . aneta will do it next week before christmas .
carson will go to shambala . sheldon will too if his mom will lent him money . tina will go too . the tickets cost less . carson and tina will rent a place to stay together .
karen will be back on sunday . karen and jasper are going to spend the whole day in bed . they will order food , watch netflix , and sleep until the afternoon . jasper has a special gift for karen .
natasha and jim are working on the tasks for apple .
josh wants to talk to anne on skype but she has to study . josh asks ann if she is going to spain , she answers she won't . josh goes to have a breakfast .
lakers are playing at 4 am our time .
summer will borrow her pass to alexander on alexander's request . owen haven't got his own one yet .
bettina has a fig tree and she has had her first harvest this year . she hasn't used any fertilizers or sprays on her fig tree . bettina prefers her figs raw . where essy lives , local figs often have worms .
jacob loves denver and wants to get a job in the area and move there in future . wendy has not been to colorado .
jen sent paul an email . paul will check it later .
dan is waiting for karolina .
john and mary have to do exercises 3 to 7 for their assignment . john didn't know exercises 5 and 6 were discussed in class today . john will ask paul to explain them to him .
beth has a problem with returning from spain as easyjet has cancelled all flights .
greta and sue will go and see their new friends on stage on the 19th january .
boris voted for brexit , but wouldn't vote differently now even though he thinks it's a mess now .
adrian wants to get a lunchpad .
miah finished her project . charlie and miah will meet on thursday at 7 . charlie will go to the gym before the meeting .
paul sent some files to jake and there is going to be a short presentation tomorrow .
pamela and omer are coming to dinner now .
chuck is on his way to visit maya .
robin and brewster are staying for the weekend .
mark travelled to la by plane . he was sitting next to a man . amy and mark love and miss each other .
jackie has a doctor's appointment tomorrow at 4 30 pm . after that , she is going to meet julie at 5 30 .
nora , zoey and mila are having a gif war .
isabelle and riley are having a test tomorrow . riley is prepared . isabelle will sit next to him .
tony got jim's mail yesterday . they will see each other in the office tomorrow .
patty ate jerry's salad but will go to the store right now and buy him a new one .
len tells paul about the cover story he shared with paul's partner , and advises him to call her . paul is very grateful for that .
mary made a vegan celery casserole . agnes is allergic to hazelnuts .
greg passed his exam . he will come to the uk after his next exam .
lyla doesn't watch the dynasties show . she watches the show big bang . tab wants to watch it together with lyla .
arthur , lisa and kevin are meeting today at 4 . 30 . rachel cannot join them .
the 4th season of narcos is out today . ola and thomas have seen the previous season . the new season is taking place in mexico and features an actor that thomas can't imagine in a serious role . it doesn't seem interesting to thomas .
pete wants to split with megan for the vacation . jeff will talk to pete tonight .
engelbert likes sasha's photo on fb . sasha doesn't know him and is not interested in talking to him .
amy has to go to work and she needs someone to take care of peter . jennifer is at work too . lisa asks amy to bring peter to her place .
abigail needs support . amber and faith will come to her place .
matt stops peter and janet's conversation .
natasha is free in 5 minutes for a call with piper .
rich is arranging with jo for molly to play with emma on friday . jo will pick up emma back at 7 .
brisa cannot install windows on her pc . ean cannot help her right now , but he is sending his older brother to her house .
kate and jake don't have enough space for jake's new purchase , so kate wants him to return it immediately .
emma is going to watch outlander again tomorrow because she loves it .
ruby recons lectures are a waste of time because the professor keeps talking about his private life .
nick won't lend money to erin for prada shoes .
taylor wants to appoint a lesson with june in the morning , but june might not be able to wake up that early . they will discuss it later .
khloe didn't switch the motor on .
hun isn't upset with jim anymore after seeing a couple fight over fries . she promises to order something small for herself next time , even if she doesn't feel hungry .
zachary will visit ryan to borrow some pc parts for building a test bench .
jane wants to talk to phil but he doesn't have time for her .
pam's hairdryer broke and lisa gave it to chris to fix it .
jake's prepared the dinner , cleaned the kitchen and done the shopping . janice still has to do some reports for donna but promises to come home soon .
anastasia , marlene and jenny are planning to go to the disneyland .
the election in kongo has been postponed . ian thinks ebola and terrorist attacks are a pretext to undermine the opposition's effort to win the election .
tom has a problem with onering but kira kage can't help him .
ben , bill and dominic want to quit together at the same time . they won't tell her until the last day , because they don't trust her .
jill will be late for work . he wants them to tell paul he will be 15 minutes late . gina informs that paul is out of office today . gina and ill will meet in the kitchen .
malcolm and iris won't watch the world series tonight . they will watch something on netflix instead .
dylan is free on tuesdays because the school where he works as a teacher is having holiday . dylan mainly teaches business english at schools and private companies .
peter and martha discuss world politics after peter sends martha an article . martha doesn't think that the us will go to war as it's not profitable . peter believes that certain groups might push for an armed conflict to profit more . peter believes history works in cycles of war .
jack has to go on an important conference in manchester . meg tells him to quit the job but jack has to pay the debts .
marsha will pick up he child from the nursery in a taxi and kate will pay her back . marsha doesn't have a credit card so cannot use uber . tommy finds it strange .
tatiana hasn't finished the required trainings . regina needed 9 hours to complete them . regina will help tatiana but she has to start now to finish till tomorrow .
joan will be there in 10 minutes . simon is waiting .
sofia will visit veronica next weekend . veronica's daughter annie likes sophie .
hugh and naomi need to get some warmer clothes out of the closet as the winter is coming .
karen needs film recommendations asap . charles watches series only . anne sucks at comedies but will help with a good drama .
diane didn't get the job at the pr agency she had an interview with on friday .
lisa wants to watch a tv serious but they need to get hbo go subscription . karl and lisa will discuss it later .
kitty needs the account numbers of barb and ken to wire them money .
pamela and her brother are going to larry's birthday . jennifer will share that information with trish .
robert wants lucy to send more candidates he might interview , but they all left . one of them had another appointment and the other one was tired of waiting . robert spent too much time with previous candidate . the candidate was qualified but robert is not convinced to hire him .
jackie is going home . yohannes is hungry . jake offered yohannes and jackie going to alexander's . jake will meet yohannes in a bit .
sue took in a parcel for her neighbour bob . bob will be home after 6 .
chay and shantelle will skip muse's concert in bristol next june .
susan invites marge for a drink tonight . olive can't go with them .
deborah forgot her wallet .
they are going to try and catch the 5 pm train .
vicky cannot meet sue tonight because she is in paris .
the vitamins that evelina takes are called 'centrum . ' lucas is in a drugstore .
scott will call leah in a minute .
jasmine is popular at school probably because she is confident and friendly . sophie is beautiful , but if she was nicer , then maybe george would notice her .
gavin and ezra will meet for rum and coke after ezra's returning from holidays .
monica dislikes everything about her new job .
paul and daniel are trying to arrange a meeting for themselves and darren .
caron compalins about dave's methods of conducting training . dave took a lady on the motorway on their first session . rob says motorways are the safest types of roads . caron is emailing her to let her know dave will carry on the sessions in his own car .
abi had some work to send in the morning . she can't sleep now and feels like she's going slightly mad .
guy finished the book marta gave him . she needs it back because simon wants to read it . guy will bring the book tomorrow .
liam will see cole at 8 in his room .
kate meets ryan at cinema at 8 .
aaliyah is meeting kelly . she will be home around 10 pm . she will not have dinner with michael .
monica forgot to close the window in her room . rod will close it for her .
lola doused the blouse with the soup . erica will bring lola something clean to wear .
this evening emma will be trying some clothes on . she will attend a wedding this weekend . she is waiting for tom's parents . she will control her wardrobe in order to see if she can find a suitable outfit .
ian invites samantha to enrol in the italian language and culture on line course organised by wellesley college . if interested , samantha has to enrol before the list closes on the 20th september . the classes start the week of 25th september .
lisa and the kids are coming over to ana's house in the afternoon . ana will order pizza without meat and the children will play with her dog .
cora has had her hair cut short because she is travelling to the tropics .
cam is trying to convince lucky that his favourite band's new song is awesome .
bert is on keto diet . roman wants to try it . bert eats a lot of fat , but no carbohydrates . tonight bert will meet roman at the gym on sycamore street to talk about the diet .
lora was wearing a horrible outfit yesterday .
the class starts at 10 . 15 for rebecca and wendy .
ric will let sonia copy doctor who season 8 and 9 . sonia may come over to ric's place to watch movies .
jason's office lost a 2 . 5 million relationship and 7 employees since october .
mason has a meeting tonight and olivia is working until after 5 30 . mason and olivia wants to share a google calendar to put an end to missing things .
susie drank too much last night . she feels like death . they went to the abbey . bobby had a great time . he really liked susie's friends . susie's going back to sleep .
daniel's cooperation with jacob on his project was a success . daniel will be the liaison professor at jacob's department .
jeff , jospeh , melissa and barbara are going to the party in novoli . it's too cold for a walk and the taxies are unavaliable on new year's eve . they decide to try car2go . the worst case scenario they will take a tram .
connor is planning to help ruby and her group with translating some texts as part of a project . ruby will send him the tasks and rules later so that he can make a final decision .
octavia will buy 2 cokes and something crispy for mela and one sprite for anita .
alice's mobile plan is coming to an end and she's looking for a new one . she doesn't want to change her network .
daisy is looking for a new dress for her sister's wedding in june .
karen suggests sex and lisa death as taboo topics .
bob informed barbara that fiona will come to the pta meeting a bit later .
nat's keys are on the window sill .
lily is from sydney and meghan is from nyc .
lucas likes sophie who is torreira's good friend .
ben is coming over to aurora now .
grace and natalie are going to zumba today at 5 pm . grace will bring natalie's book . she finished it yesterday night .
hunter is sick all week . his friends tell him that plummer got livid when nobody in the class could give him a correct answer . he mentioned hunter's name .
logan is waiting for a chick at his place . dennic and mason will keep their fingers crossed .
lisa forgot about her meeting with adam . she will be with adam in a moment .
melissa and margerie are going to the mall to check out some halloween costumes .
paul saw how patrick and his team destroyed manchester city over the weekend .
100m are missing , as ann reports . liam voted for him during the presidential elections .
terry is leaving tomorrow at 8 . manuela and ron are in duitama , going to cucuta . terry will pick them up at about 13 .
gill has missed the lectures today because he has the stomach flu . he's taking a day off tomorrow as well .
noah needs his dad's car . mike will be at home at 8 pm .
tibi charged michelle's skype account and will handle the issue of microsip's bad quality .
fiona sends piotr her photo from halloween 1999 .
cate's doctor said her condition is not dangerous . cate and adam will go to the thai restaurant cate wanted to go to to celebrate . cate will make a reservation for 8 o'clock .
linden has a new e mail address linden gmail . be . litia will use it to send her pictures of her dog .
susan will come to bonnie's birthday party on saturday at 8 .
lourdes had her car painted orange .
the ring that jane got is too big for her . jill will take it from her in the morning and exchange it for a smaller one .
ines lost her wallet . mike comforts her .
when chris was going back from a gig , he was hit by a cop car . his car is in the garage in heaton getting assessed . frank can drive him around in the next few days .
gina will talk to jerry in half an hour .
mohammed had an amazing time at edward's wedding .
dinny had a meeting at work . tessa is on her way to cuba . harr did grocery shopping for the weekend and is going to cook .
tanner wants to leave her current job , but doesn't have time to look for a new one . claudia convinces tanner to spend 30 minutes per day on job hunting .
anne can't come to betty's birthday party because of stomach flu .
natalie is packing for a trip . chris advises natalie to pack thermoactive clothes and a good sleeping bag . he advises not to take too many things .
jax has found a perfect present for erin for christmas .
margot found out from chris that there will be a delay of 1 2 days . chris is working on the problem right now , but then he will have to wait 2 days for the floor to dry out .
bonnie needed to stay at home . ryan won't wait for her .
greg won't be home for dinner as he's going to the library with mary , mom will leave him some dinner in the oven .
mike is happy , because sam's moved out . mike and frank grumble about brexit . frank is in dispute with freda , because she voted for brexit . mike will talk to freda in order to help frank .
sophie finds marcel's visit to boston awkward . sophie got flowers from marcel , he said he love her and wanted to kiss her which sophie found crippling .
zoe is preparing a picture for an art show . she is not very happy with her job and she is not sure she's going to get it right .
josh and jessica will meet at 6 pm tomorrow and go to an alpine store . josh will help her choose hiking boots .
randy used to love his previous job but he didn't earn enough . randy found a new one that is ok but it's well paid .
lunch break starts at 1pm . tom , ahmed and tanja are going to meet at the canteen for lunch at around 2pm to avoid crowds . .
kate talked to her boss today and changed her working hours to 11 19 . she will celebrate it with tom tonight at viva italia at 9 p . m .
patricia will order 2 chicken burritos , nachos with guacamole and a coke for david to go in the new mexican restaurant and bring it to his place . after that they will go to see the new johnny english movie at 21 40 .
sakis and alex will go to greece this summer . the grandma is sick . alex will search for flights with aegean airlines .
chris wanted to take his wife on the guys' night out . marty and bernie are against it .
paula's train is delayed because someone died on the railroad tracks . she will let trevor know when the train departs .
denis is a bit hangover . yesterday jake was really drunk and denis had to help him enter a cab . jake almost fell asleep at the party and drank a couple of shots . jake didn't eat anything since 4 that day . jake and denis will eat something before they drink next time .
william and noah were not impressed by dakota johnson in that movie .
adrien shares with cathy an idea for their show . he has also lost the game .
clarisse does not have a cable service . seth is a big fan of movies , especially of tv . seth enumerates advantages and disadvantages of a cable tv and a streaming service . clarisse chooses to buy the streaming service , because this is the cheaper option .
jen thinks it's cheesy what pierce brosnan did for his wife on the 25th anniversary . he tweeted pictures of them thanking for 25 years of love . jen compares her relationship with pete to the marriage of pierce brosnan . lena believes jen should not compare .
there is a bad movie night in st club on friday . twiggy and colby are going .
adriana is feeling sick , so she needs to give up her plans for today . elisa went to the pool , she did 1 hour of swimming and 1 hour of sauna .
charles has a new diet . it's effective , but it's giving him bad breath .
mitchell found what lorenzo was looking for . he will pick it up in 2 minutes .
he is going to pay barry for saying that .
daria is whining about her job . daria doesn't feel good in the workplace , because other girls hate her . freddy will ask in his company if they need someone new .
tommy and his brother are getting the new beatles collection for their dad's birthday . diana bought a set of four ties . tommy can come over 5 5 . 30 . tommy's grandma is getting better after the operation . tommy's aunt irene is coming tomorrow as well .
bobby and dom arrange a meeting in 20 minutes at bobby's place to watch the last episode of maniac together .
peter , liam , sean and josh plan their trip to moscow . they decide to go to riga first and spend there 3 days .
vanessa doesn't have any work this month . david is currently translating a book . he will let her know if he hears about any work .
mr bongo went back to morocco . he survived a coup , as ali reports . cecilia sent a meme about the failed coup .
anne's tap is leaking from the bottom and she doesn't know how to fix it .
julia can't return her new shoes . monica will send around a photo of the shoes to look for a buyer .
oliver confirmed his appointment with dr . lee .
it's been over a month and sasha still hasn't read the book she got from rosemary , the brain . rosemary needs the book tomorrow but sasha is working late tonight and won't be able to bring it over . rosemary will get it from her tomorrow morning .
ben and nathaniel had a test . nathaniel is sure he won't pass it , while ben is optimistic about his result . ben will share his notes with nathaniel .
susie wants sue to wait as she's coming .
lora is taking a few days off to rest .
poppy went speed dating and no one liked her . oliver is weird .
the company sets up a fund raiser for lgbt rights . howard and anna are pleasantly surprised by it . peter considers it wrong and goes on a rant about the leftists . he prefers to separate the work and the politics .
kristen wants to buy it next week .
micke and dave think wendy has become prettier since she came back from houston . jerry is wendy's lover . dave will hit on wendy .
toby is in monrovia and will be back on monday . jim doesn't have toby's number .
a new album of behemoth was released . this album contains songs bartzabel and sabbath mater .
jill cannot reach james , because he is on the phone with ela . jill asks him to end the convesation and call her immediately .
edna will get a pony from her parents as a birthday present . charlotte's parents can't afford one . charlotte might visit edna .
lucy and sue think of booking a box at the cheltenham racecourse for marjory's 70th birthday . lucy will ask gary for opinion .
cierra picked it up from the parcel shop today . tucker finishes in 20 minutes . he will come to cierra in around 45 minutes . cierra will be home , but she's leaving at 3 .
steve was at work . he went to ikea to buy cutlery and blankets afterwards .
sweetymalongo asked nigel if he is married . nigel replied that he is , to an angel , after which sweetymalongo left .
mary and carlos will see 'the lion king' next summer .
ginny and harry are going to party on saturday . harry will pick ginny up at 8 .
june's going to the mall and wants lena to join her . she'll pick her up at 5 .
brad is interested in renting a room in andy's apartment . brad and andy are meeting up in 15 minutes .
ben's mother celebrates her birthday today . chris will buy her green tea with chocolate flavour . chris will come over at 8 .
nel was out of town . she's back now . nel and mona will meet on monday at 6 .
kate has a birthday .
sammy bought to many vegetables so she will bring some for crista's pet .
rowena will give agnes left overs from her dinner for tomorrow .
karl doesn't want pipa to miss the train . the train is due at 3 40 pm .
kirsten and johnny parked at the city hall . they have a new green car .
dex invited matt , derek and his sister to watch the game on saturday . matt is not happy to hang out with derek .
lena bought a new t shit but she thinks she won't wear it . nina may take it , but she needs to try it out first .
paul and scott enjoy the same music .
vikki won a competition . there was a one point difference between vikki and the girl immediately behind her in the score . vikki received vouchers and books as a prize . vikki's waiting for her father to pick her up in mcdonald's . leonor will leave food for vikki to microwave .
aubrey has just had some delicious pizza in the place near the national museum . she will go there with corina and chris next week .
eric haven't attended his classed lately . shannon , dorothy and eric have a new italian teacher . eric will talk to dorothy and shannon tomorrow .
michelle lost her wallet , probably on the train .
henry wants kyle to pass him salt , but kyle will pass him something else instead .
james tells lucy that he will be later tomorrow . he needs to take sue's car home .
maria's finally sent her cv , which laura helped her to prepare .
jake and chuck don't have partners for the project . jake didn't go today . they will prepare a presentation on french revolution together . the deadline is next week .
eden is in front of the cathedral . it brings him and luis back good memories . eden prays for luis and luis prays for eden and dan .
edgar has taken pictures of ponies and pigeons at the circus and the store .
nick collects swords , which he prefers to guns .
tom booked a tennis court for sunday but mike can't play with him . he injured himself while running last week . tom has to cancel the reservation .
yolanda , isa and helen will walk together to find tom's house . the party starts at 9 . they will meet at 8 30 8 40 at the alonso penha station .
austen is going to write a letter and give it to tessa tomorrow .
esme scoffs at the cute frog peeta has left in her wallet .
zoe forgot to take the laundry out of the washing machine . james switched the washing machine on again , because the laundry stunk . zoe will be back in about 2 hours and she will empty the washing machine herself .
hannah and jonah are considering joining an event at the vineyard which starts at 7 . 30 and hannah offers to pick up john , kasey and chad on their way . john advised hannah to take something to sit on . there's a restaurant at the vineyard but hannah will prepare a picnic basket anyway .
amanda doesn't like jake and she makes fun of the fact that he has a beard now .
peter's making a playlist for tonight . he's going to do a mix of the 70s and the 80s .
percy will complete the survey which melanie needs for her master thesis .
matt , brian , alex , jackie , mark , armin , and some other people are watching rupaul drag race tonight .
walter and susan haven't bought dad a christmas gift yet . they're thinking of giving him a razor or a cd .
there are 3 , 432 foamed cabinets left in the first bay according to choula . amit is afraid that won't go over well .
rod shares with mel photos from the slayer's concert he's been to . mel went to iron maiden's concert this summer .
it's been a month since sharon last had a kettle and she's looking forward for the new one to arrive .
julio is looking for his recipe for overnight breakfast casserole . polly does not have it , but she thinks julio should look for one on the internet . he prefers to find the other one as it had a special ingredient .
betty is going to the beach . she will be at the same spot they went to last time . camille will join her soon . jordan will join them in 1 hour . jordan needs to do grocery shopping for his mom . he will take his gopro to the beach .
eliza will borrow sammy's copy of great gatsby . she needs it back next semester as she's taking a class about its author , but eliza needs it just for two weeks .
darcy offers aileen some pie , but she has to go to him to get it .
lily wants to go out . her mother refuses , because lily has to learn .
mary , caroline and john where at thabo's fashion show . thabo used ethnic elements from basotho tribe . he's from maseru , lesotho and he wants to promote basotho culture . louis vuitton used basotho blankets in his collection .
teddy sat on his birthday cake . he bought cookies and chocolate for his colleagues .
gaby will talk with jeff about going with abby and mark to valentine's dinner at boscaiola .
robert and bertrand were at a party last night . there was a lot of beer . robert drunk a lot and was behaving strangely , insulting some girls .
paul will feed the cats .
brenda is expecting a baby with luke or someone else . she has not told luke about the pregnancy and is unsure if she will do it at all .
rachel , ivonne and alex will meet at 6 30 tomorrow at the main entrance to the departures .
skylar has a problem with a hair loss . cecilia advises her to check her thyroid , to apply fenugreek seeds on her scalp before washing her hair and to replace shampoo with a hair conditioner .
filip wants that alienor translates for him a manual of a device manufactured by his father from english to french . alienor translates the fragments of the manual and sends them back to filip . he will approach her later for some more translation .
michael is stuck in a traffic . alexandra will make him hot cocoa when he arrives .
there was an experiment that meant to show how often women are groped in public . savannah does not believe that such experiments raise awareness of sexual harassment .
sven will pick a disney movie at the end of this semester .
parker has had a new printer for 2 weeks now . the printer is working well .
walter will be back in 2 weeks . afterwards , he , christina and britney will go to the seaside .
jasmine got together with joe at school , after her previous boyfriend confessed that he had been gay .
scott has just got the test results and everything is fine . fred and christy are relieved .
sarah doesn't care about a handsome guy who was looking at her in the bus . she's self aware and values inteligence more than the looks . monica is positively surprised and impressed .
julian is trying to lose weight so he's writing down what he eats . grace used about 340g of vegetables per portion .
jack and zack will play a game tonight , they complain about being an adult .
doug and luke are appalled by jim's facebook post in which he is happy about a politician's death . they are remembering the good old times .
toby was made to clean the garage by his dad . toby found some interesting things from amanda's childhood . toby will keep them for amanda .
george has seen friends 10 times . anny has watched it 8 times . anny's favorite characters are joey and monica . george and anny consider monica to be a mother figure in the series . they think friends is the best series of all time .
katie and danny miss each other .
andy and gary'll have a lunch in the canteen in 3 minutes .
for the international management project on the 13 december , essa will do the introduction , tankred will do the education . they will meet 30 minutes before the class to discuss the presentation with louise .
kasper and kevin agreed to get a taxify . kasper's on his way to kevin .
nadia wasn't feeling well on friday . hannah is at her sister's house . hannah will send regards to her family on nadia's request .
charity's sending gilberto selfies , he wants more .
john's team lost the game . audrey comforts him .
rachel is doing the assignments . eric's last scores are bad . rachel will be his study partner .
jeff , mary and tommy are going to a supermarket tomorrow .
abigail is angry with adam for disregarding her and won't talk to him .
anna wants to go and get some food for dinner . she and daniel are getting cabin fever .
abel will drive suzie to the sports centre at 6 30 .
diego thinks that diana's doing drugs . she looked really strange yesterday .
kasia and sarah agree to meet on tuesday but kasia gets sick . they will meet at 6 pm on thursday at costa coffee in the centre instead .
lee lets mason know about the betting site being back online right now , so he can check it now .
mariah has her homework to do , so she cannot go for drinks with joshua and ralph .
jessie wants to talk to helen on skype but helen is busy at the moment . they agree to talk on saturday evening as jessie wants to share some gossip with helen .
pedro asked veronica out . they are going to the cinema and maybe for some drinks .
tequila is thomas' favorite alcohol . neil prefers vodka .
neither elisabeth nor derek know how to solve this . arthur wants all the important formulas on one piece of paper .
in the bad dream jen had last night , she was sitting in a white room at a chair , she couldn't move and lab people were poking her with sharp metal instruments . tonight ben will stay over to keep her safe .
henry is reading lord of the rings . giulia doesn't like tolkien's works as she finds them too complicated .
lenny does not work for a company from mali anymore . islamists took control over a significant part of the country which made it unsafe . lenny and kim are now working with a company in burkina faso .
sarah invites her parents and siblings to saturday dinner .
amber lost her flower necklace . gabriel will look for it when cleaning . mariah found it in her pocket and she will bring it to the office on monday .
mateusz is not happy about piotr closing down . mateusz reckons it's due to bad planning . neither sarah nor alexander are surprised .
jake is organising a poker game on sunday , 10 am . mike and molly have a sick kid . terry will come with his kid .
claudia will borrow house of cards dvd from david . he will bring it to the school .
radcliff and doe will play squash on friday at 6 pm . haven is out . lyman has a twisted ankle . lyman had a scan and a visit , he has a week off .
the last year student cut the tyres on 11 cars in the school car park . math teacher's car got all four tyres cut .
elisabeth will buy some bread for ann .
johnny , karen , and molly are going to rent a house in ibiza from april 1st to 15th . elena and tobias will join them for a week .
matt needs to buy tickets . chris thinks matt should check out the website he used last year . chris advises matt to use a browser's private mode when he is looking for good deals .
leona is bored . otto sends her a link to predator , the last movie he saw .
lee cannot access the server because he didn't change his password in time . matt sends lee a link to reset lee's password .
trey is going to buy tickets for the concert .
frank and alice are up for playing some fifa now but maddy is out .
jerry will take line a or c to get to katie's place 1199 dean st . it will take jerry about 40 minutes .
jason prepared a supper for tess on valentine's day . john bought flowers for shannon . they went out to eat .
jacob , isabella and adrian are laughing at mcdonald's billboard .
jason is going to play games all night during new year's eve . mike doesn't understand that and offers him other alternatives . jason is not convinced . for him nye is nothing special .
lisa hasn't heard from jack in a while , which is unusual for him . jack's been busy .
rose bought a jacket in the second hand shop bree likes as well . rose's mother paid for half of this jacket .
jorge , nancy and hilary are not us citizens , so they can't apply for the funding .
john wants to become a programmer . he does not know any programming languages yet .
adela has gone out to the shops . jo is looking after the kids and then nan will come over to collect them at 5 . dexter will sign meg's permission slip and give kyle his medicine .
vaclav came back from his vacations in sierra . kathy is leaving on monday next week to her trip in the caribbean .
bud , terrence , arnie and jeff are going to meet on saturday for pizza and beer .
norma has a new japanese tattoo . both marston and royce like it .
on sara's request , judd will take part in the 5k run , which is organized for a good cause .
lavy congratulated tasha .
juan is coming for a week in september . anna will not see him because she is going to cuba then . juan does not want to come in august because tickets are cheaper for september .
ashley is temporarily living in warsaw . she stays busy and doesn't like the cold . tim will call her on wednesday around noon .
ronnie is tired of his work as a linguist . he has to create dialogues in russian and after writing 200 of them he finds it difficult to find what to write about .
marcel , ella and cheryl like listening to minimalist classical music while working . marcel will try steve reich music .
ethan and joshua are playing at 4 pm on thursday .
ernest's waiting for serge next to the bar .
thomas doesn't want to add trudy to their whatsapp group because she doesn't belong to the family .
lucia sent to margaret a photo they took yesterday .
chandler will try to write a one shot only if brittany sends him a new chapter of her fic . she agrees . chandler likes her work a lot . she sometimes thinks about writing her own book . the main character would be an unlikely hero .
dorothy wants to get lunch with ted but ted is on holidays . ted will call dorothy on monday .
kelly is going to paul tomorrow and doesn't know what to expect . ann and jenny share their views on the ideology of love .
elsie wants pizza for dinner even though she had it for lunch . rachel wants some variety for her .
kevin still has not received the ps4 pro he ordered . jason is disappointed that they cannot play on it yet .
lucas is busy juggling work and school . he will meet with giles at 8pm on saturday .
evelyn forgot to set out the laundry . rob will do that . she made some fresh flapjacks , they are in the oven .
bernie's wife is leaving for a few days . he wants chris and marty to come in on friday after work . marty is in . chris has a date night with his wife , but he will try to move it .
andy and patrick will have a beer later .
mina , lola and joe are going to the movies tonight , to see 'the favourite' .
ruth and sammy are meeting linda for dinner on friday 12th at her place . before dinner sammy's going to the hairdresser . they have a wedding on saturday . sammy eats neither red meat nor duck , so linda will have to cook something else . linda is bringing dessert .
lily is a true blue from sydney . meghan is from new york city .
denise got a new job close to where she lives . catherine and jane are happy for her but would miss her . denise is leaving the end of december . catherine will see jane tonight .
laurie , ashley , matt and jesse are going for some yoga tomorrow at 8am .
elsa's cat disappeared 3 days ago , so rita helps with searching . minny thinks she might have seen this cat in her orchard . minny will call elsa if she sees a tabby again .
nobody replied to andrew's suggestion so mike and andrew don't know if they are going to the restaurant today .
xenia collects orders for pierogi . mercedes wants 2 kg of pierogi with mushrooms . peter will pass this time .
nancy is looking for an idea for a wedding gift for michel and josie .
andrew got tickets to a themed formal for himself , hannah and sara . dress code will be semi formal black tie . the tickets were sold out within 2 hours .
mella calls marcin because she can't contact sebastian . sebastian has a hangover . he is calling her .
sean is annoyed with brexit . sean has many clients from the republic and is worried about how the new border will affect his shop . the brexit agreement is on the way . ann predicts many people won't be satisfied with it .
victoria can borrow mama's red trench coat and red gloves .
taylor is going to paris for 4 days and wants to do all the sites . ron recommends a great cafe near the elysian fields .
electricity has been cut off for a while and orion's sat in the dark . lilyana shows him how to make candles out of oranges .
mary is worried about john as she can't reach him . she's afraid john may have anoher breakdown . peter will go to john's place after work and will let mary know if he's home .
dan's looking for a new dog . he wants it to search for narcotics . ralph has two dogs he might like a one year old malinois and an 8 month old belgian and dutch mix . dan will come and take a look tomorrow at about 9 in the morning .
jools is in pain after his tooth extraction . he is going to tesco's to buy some cool cocktails . he will let kim know in two hours if they can go out together tonight .
rick and ana are getting late because of traffic .
harvey asked reggie for 5 minutes of his time in order to tell him about mel . she will probably extend his agreement , so , as it was not planned , reggie wants to know when harvey finishes . harvey is sorry that he is back .
jane hasn't seen sofija as she spent 2 months in a russian reality show .
theo will book a place for himself , silvia , chris and pam but has forgotten a first time discount .
hilary sold the business to chris and she is letting the house to a firm employing short term workers . hilary's boutique brings profits for her and pater to live on . muriel was in buxton last summer and saw hilary's boutique . muriel and hilary haven't had contact for a few years .
gary will join patrick and will tomorrow and they will play the new game .
richelle needs advice about studying in scotland . sheryl finds that the beginnings can be difficult because of english and that everyone is shy , believe in stereotypes , but later more open minded . sheryl also mentions that the cost of living in scotland is higher .
amy doesn't enjoy gifs with the ring because she's scared of the movie .
merrill doesn't understand the new system . joy finds it very easy , so he'll help merrill .
the vikings is only good to watch from time to time . character development is fine but the plot is predictable .
tim lost his phone . neither ian nor george have seen it .
dorothy is looking for a baby sitter . amanda caught her nanny having sexual intercourse during work . greta recommends her cousin who is a student .
hellen will take jake shopping to get him some new shoes .
the lion king featuring beyonce's voice will be released in june 2019 . abby and vicky will go to the cinema to see this movie .
oliver and jamie have to conduct an experiment of their choice as homework for the biology class tomorrow . jamie will ask his sister for advice .
karen's dad bought a new tv . karen broke it . skyler's brother will come in the evening to repair it . he will bring his tools .
connor convinced sydney to watch fantastic beasts the crimes of grindelwald .
anna will get a facial from monika today between 6 and 8 pm .
oscar invited poppy to a post rock band's concert this saturday . it starts at 7pm in a friend's apartment in the old town . oscar is picking poppy up at 5pm . they'll grab some tea and walk to the venue .
janet will be at adrian's place for a coffee in half an hour . on his request she is buying fudge .
kelly got married .
linda is at the library . she's disappointed both with this place and with the whole country . she's thinking about moving out .
natalie is sending brian the samples of what they do and they'll talk tomorrow .
charles photoshopped his family members and christopher was disgusted by it .
melissa and tyler are having a baby . if it's a girl they will call her ophelia , if it's a boy xavier .
ali , marcus and julia are going to buy alice a present for her extraordinary work as a teacher .
veronica is running late to the meeting with alvin .
kirby and thomas read online newspapers , masha is worried she wont have enough time to read it to justify a subscription .
april didn't sleep well tonight . when april was there , she slept very well . april is interested in the kind of mattress that matt has . matt wanted to buy a cheap and hard mattress , but bought an expensive and soft one instead after trying it out . april may look for a mattress tomorrow .
thomas and sylvia will go to dawid podsiadlo's concert . they want to have one beer before .
mark saw bunny with a man at the odeon last night . she denies and says she was with her friend julia . the girls' meeting was spontaneous , so bunny didn't have time to tell mark about it . mark wants to break up with bunny , but she insists on a meeting and talking about it .
the wedding starts at 3pm . gerald will bring the keepsake for jeremy .
don and conor are going to watch the riders' game together as don's father is not going .
randall is coming home now .
marie is looking for a place that sells inexpensive crochet supplies . octavia usually orders from mila's crochet as they have many special offers . octavia lives on the west side .
susan asked lizzie to check the first chapter of her ma thesis on ku klux klan .
nick will take a look at the file bart uploaded to the cloud . nick will deal with the file this evening and discuss it with bart tomorrow .
kate is in santo domingo , the dominican republic . she sent a photo with her injured legs to tim , jim and simone . she was attacked by people with a broken bottle who asked for money . she ran and she fell down .
william tells vincent and walter not to mess with him and his girl , especially never insult her .
george lets kayla know what kayle will be back probably on the 13th . george doesn't miss him as kayle is a tough roommate , yet still he's better than ava .
brian will walk the dog because emily has to stay longer at work .
jeff and rachel're having lunch at marriot downtown and invite tom who's hungry to join them . tom'll join them in an hour .
henry will get some still water at the market on maya's request .
robbie invited trishia to the cinema and she accepted . trishia doesn't like avengers .
marlie has a very friendly cat . however , the cat doesn't like her brother .
michael was busy all the weekend . next week michael and tom will grab a beer or two in warsaw .
jan is selling cookies for charity . jake is going to buy some soon .
chris lost 30 on the cleaning lady who didn't do her job properly .
tony likes the album . djamal enjoyed listening to baustelle .
alex is landing at 6am on saturday . ivy will prepare a 'welcome home' meal .
bonnie , kiera , sadie and tamara are going to jumpfit tonight .
david will order 100 copies of the bibles for 5 each . samuel wants more indian families to have their own bible instead of sharing it .
john is teasing with henry who's asked him about john's address .
midge will join kim at half empty 123 23rd street .
carly has waited a week to get her car taken to the garage and fixed . david was being disorganized . don promises that the car will be collected soon .
kate is in laos , but it's not really warm . the water there is emerald , but really cold . she managed to stay in it only for 3 minutes . laos is cheaper than thailand .
there will be a conference in accra . the deadline for applying is 21st of january . lucy would like to apply , but howard can't join as he needs to focus on his phd .
nick's and jame's children kai and lilly are going to the forest on friday . they'll need waterproofs and wellies and they will probably have lunch before they go .
victoria looked at the pics which jake texted her and she thinks it looks very good .
max's back pain is getting worse . he will not follow doctor's advice to sit less at his desk , walk more or take up swimming . he will keep taking painkillers . he might take up cycling , however .
denise had a dream about forgetting about tina at a pizza place .
leo is cold while he's waiting for brian .
bobby will send peter some notes from fran for the test on friday which he forgot about .
frank is going to ikea to buy furniture and a gift for morris . eliza wants him to buy a lamp for jeanine .
mousie told joddie about the attack on paweł adamowicz , the president of gdańsk , during jurek owsiak's wielka orkiestra concert . she is convinced that the ruling party prawo i sprawiedliwość and its leader jarosław kaczyński are to blame for the attack because of their hateful conservative views .
preston will attend the interview in room 204 on the second floor at 3 pm next monday .
heather , linda , joan and john will meet in the silver room in 15 minutes to discuss the work on finishing the project .
pete does not have to water lily's plants because she will be back in two days . they will see each other then .
joe wants their basement cleared up . chris suggests burning the basement down and rebuilding it .
jean's phone is broken . she needs a new one .
jim has a temperature of 37 , 5 c and a slight headache . he is not coming to work today . several people at the office have the flu .
holly went to see the royal wedding . prince of liechtenstein married a panamanian woman of african descent .
dan forgot to text miller eariler . dan will bring some tacos for miller .
mason had a nice night with the blond girl . mason's condom broke so they got the morning after pill . thomas reckons it's nice of mason .
nadia invites claire for a trip to the park . claire declines as she is at the zoo .
jack will buy some bred for anne .
steve can't visit dr . williams today . clinic reschedules his appointment to wednesday at 6 pm .
alexa is going to hunter's party . the whole class is invited . she may bring her younger brother along . she is also going to return hunter's notebooks to him .
huan , dominik and david have a test tomorrow from chapters 2 and 3 .
jack hasn't seen lola for some time and he'd like to know how she's doing . sissy saw her before christmas .
the last season of csi las vegas aired on channel 7 .
patricia will bring her dog to sally and rodney on thurdsay evening . they will take care of him while patricia is away .
on new year's eve tommy and margaret will stay home , tony will go to the public party organized by the city , felicia will take a bath and jeremy has no plans .
teddy left amber half a year ago . she misses him . she is still depressed . lora will take her out for drinks to cheer her up . nicole will join .
kate had her hair cut . jack thinks she looks nice . adrian also liked her long hair and angela thinks her new hair style is amazing .
andy and lisa are going to be late .
jessica will wear the turquoise dress to meet the parents . judith is making fun of her , while they're choosing shoes .
tom has mary's keys . mary will take ed's keys .
adam will borrow a hundred from tyler .
percy will fill the survey for melanie's master thesis .
sophie , claire and patrick will cook pizza tonight .
nina will prepare a vegan gingerbread cake and alex a salad for the office party .
sebastian would like to learn to make wine at home and would like to ask his dad to teach him . stanley would too but reminds sebastian that a lot of work is involved .
gina organize a meeting at her place before thanksgiving to talk about intervention for david , who hasn't stopped drinking since his girlfriend broke up with him . bridget is not convinced but she will think about it .
alex likes eli's friend and wants her number . eli won't give it to him as her friend has a boyfriend . alex will try to get it on his own .
jayda needs a partner for prom night , but rowan can't dance .
mary is at school .
cheyenne is making lasagna tonight to celebrate passing her driver's licence . patricia and laney congratulate her . laney is going to bring champagne .
cheryl is not coming tonight . she probably has flu , almost half of her office caught it . she will stay at home .
erica and nia are running late , while patty is in front of the cinema .
suzie needs her english book that she lent to allan , but he's on a date with mary now who had a bad story with james . mike wants to take suzie for a coffee at sam's bar this evening .
matt and nina just come back from a trip to budapest in hungary . they left on tuesday and came back on friday .
charlie and julia will go to warsaw . in the meantime , charlie's parents will take care of their cats .
olivia's husband cooked thai red curry .
cora , francis and kevin are going to get drunk .
zoe recommends sam buying macbook air in a state with no sales tax .
julia congratulates travis on his performance . travis feels great , although he was unsure at first .
ann and helen are going to the drinks reception tonight . amy will let annette know if she goes for drinks tomorrow . amy , peter and annette are going to meet at a pub around 5 30 pm on saturday . amy is responsible for the meet up so she needs pub recommendations .
rick and diddy want to go the baseball game today against new york . the last game of their club against the royals was very good . rick has a cap but diddy's shirt is dirty . in case they can't get tickets they will do something downtown . they arrange to meet at 5 but diddy might be late .
tom is reading a book on history of photography and margaret is reading the pianist by jellinek . blake does not read because he has to work .
anita and mark will go to the carnegie hall for rimsky korsakov on friday .
frank is helping anna choose the outfit for tonight's visit at the theatre .
jacob found his international driver's license is in the document folder . omer will come to spend a day at jacob and rose's place a few days after they leave .
leo and tom will be back from aheme on monday .
olivier is leaving with his parents this weekend , so he can't skype with pierre .
tonight at 9 pm is the game with germany . pamela forgot about it . liz wants to make plans with her to watch the game together .
colt wants to live up to 1000 years and lyric up to 60 70 .
tom and jenny are going to have dinner together and grab a beer . tom will pick jenny up from work at 5 and will bring her red high heels .
shaz will bring lennon his sports kit and some spray to the gym .
basil and cecily were interviewed on the street two days ago .
jessica is joining helen and patricia who are playing tennis outside .
sarah , betty , lara and jairo are going to an event tomorrow .
danielle , tracy and darren are taking the harry potter personality quiz , while neil refuses .
meg wishes happy birthday to terry .
rodney invites dave to his house warming party this friday at 8 .
dan hates his job .
peter will buy a coke in glass bottle on max's request .
scarlett left brian and sophie yesterday . she is getting better today .
lucy's pregnant . lucy is feeling nauseous all the time and can't stand up . according to john , there's nothing that can be done about it . the condition may last a week or the entire pregnancy .
thea and thomas have just arrived to their honeymoon destination . thea is jetlagged , thomas is out . thea liked the local street food , especially a cheap mushroom soup . the weather is hot .
emily complains she hasn't seen her daughter mary for two weeks . mary has been busy at work lately . mary will try to drop by on thursday .
john liked joan's presentation at the panel . joan also liked anita's presentation . anita hasn't finished her research yet and joan already encouraged her to write a book .
sofia's sister is coming from spain at around 7 8 pm . robert didn't go to university , so he's at home . sofia's sister doesn't speak english , only french . robert will have to speak spanish .
biscuit has a diarrhea , he's probably eaten something poisoned . he's on iv with adam at the vet's now . jean will consult her vet .
peter will come for lunch to his mom on sunday . angela will cook something .
julie wants to start baby led weaning .
france and belgium have problems . for andrew and ryan they're hypocrites for criticizing poland .
will will bring iona some water .
there's a train strike on monday . zoe's plane from berlin lands at 10 am and the trains are either at 9 am or at 9 pm . the meeting is at 3 pm . alan suggests that zoe can arrive on sunday at 8 pm . fred would host zoe in paris . zoe would make it for the 9 am train . zoe will call her travel agency .
james is at the front entrance . peter will join him soon .
lauren and therese are on holidays in hel . lauren sent a photo of a seal aquarium to daniel , tom and emma . the research centre keeps seals for some time and then releases them to the baltic sea .
ian got there a quarter before the planned time . the party finishes at 12 or 1 o'clock at night but ian will probably have to stay longer and help with cleaning up for extra money .
ed sheeran tickets are sold out as sara reports .
simon is going to the conference next week with derek . alan can't go as he broke a leg in an accident .
jake promises to pay mike back .
amy will pick thomas up at 7 15 and take him for breakfast then to school .
mark accidentally packed ian's notebook for english into his backpack .
evie has a new colleague who has just started today . he's handsome .
michal visited liepaja , a city on the seaside . the were lindens everywhere . there is a linden in the coat of arms of the city , as sam reports .
stephanie is busy and cannot talk to chris . she should be home at 8 p . m .
samara wants jay to redo his work . the text should be written in third person . he has to add the strap line and remove some punctuation . samara will work on the sources .
jazz is going to see bohemian rapsody with sarah on monday night , 7 . 40 in avonmeads showcase . she is also going to watch mary poppins with kerry on saturday morning , 10 . 30 in odeon .
abigail bought 20 cucumbers for a salad but she doesn't want to make it anymore . charlotte doesn't like cucumbers . she suggests donating cucumbers to a food bank .
noah was questioned as a witness and media accuse him of rape . he's going to his summer house . his lawyer will take care of all the things .
mary will try speedy lunch or ligh box catering on viera's recommendation .
dawn wants dike to call him when he can .
kingston , rich and dev are meeting at starbucks at 5 .
brian landed in bangkok . it's 7 am there . at melissa's it's 12 pm . brian will stay few days in bangkok and then go to the countryside .
luke can't do poker night with derek because he is flying out tomorrow .
miriam , kevin , tobias and oscar will go for a pizza tonight .
emma has a question .
jake showed jason her photo from 5 years ago .
sarah , lucy and rosie are going to the salsa club this weekend .
gabi got a job in seoul but has a problem finding a good place to stay . herra will take a look at an offer gabi sent her .
nellie attends meditation classes 3 times a week . nellie is interested in that so she meditates also at home and she takes part in special events . pinkie worries that nellie is obsessed with meditation .
helen is pregnant . she will show him the test , because he didn't believe her . she is meeting keesha this evening , before brad will come back .
pete is going to send a big video file to his laptop and then copy it to thomas's laptop . thomas wants pete to send him the file by bluetooth but thomas doesn t know whether his laptop has bluetooth connectivity . they finally agree that pete's going to use google drive to share the file with thomas .
chandler talked to kate briefly but she still doesn't want to talk to matt .
bob wants to buy new speakers and an amplifier as sound got flat . he doesn't want to repair them as he wants something that will be also good looking .
don is about to make a difficult decision thanks to karen and lucy .
miranda works for a huge company and is still in training . she likes the opportunities the company offers , even though it is not her dream job . miranda will meet some clients next week and also meet 2 girls , with whom she will work most of the time . she will meet them on monday .
all foundations are at a discount until tomorrow evening . day by day foundation has similar features compared to goforit .
lizzy's been sick since friday , but she's feeling a bit better . she's studying government . in march she will take the audiovisual exam .
mike forgot his notebook for mathematics . tom doesn't have a spare notebook .
tony's business will be affected by brexit and both her and gloria will never understand why people voted for it . it will also affect tony's holiday plans . gloria can hardly meet any british tourists in mexico . tony thinks the second referendum is an option .
shawn's gone out for pancakes for fern .
rhys wants to know when victoria comes back from holidays because he needs the key for thomas . there was a downpour and rhys checked victoria's basement . her neighbour told rhys he saw a cat in her garden . it could have been oscar . victoria asks rhys to put out some food to keep the cat around .
rachel warns luke to never contact her sister again or she will hurt him . luke is not intimidated by rachel's threats .
toby has a backache and will take dexak to relieve the pain .
some of the photos phoenix and tiana have exchanged through snapchat have disappeared .
beth is being treated for her illness and she looks terrible , but she has luke's support . elizabeth never talks to patricia anymore .
kate and morris are going to bangkok right now . they have an additional day there . kate wants to visit jim thompson house . they're coming back to europe the day after tomorrow .
franklin , jack and jeff are going to see a match .
tessy is going to cuba for 5 weeks . she's staying in airbnb . tessy is worried about the internet connection , because her boss might contact her anytime . harry wants to go to israel for skiing holiday during christmas . tessy and harry are going to meet in january .
bill , donald and lily are wondering which place they should visit next . lily and donald would like to go to india . bill isn't fond of this idea .
martha and donna have the flight tickets and now they need an apartment . donna found quite an expensive one , but with her 20 discount it's perfect .
fernanda didn't go out last night . she came back home at 10 . 30 p . m .
demi and wren will go to yoga on sunday at 9 and have a brunch afterwards .
adrian is home . adrian's dad , ron , will be home after 5 o'clock and will get his son something to drink . ron reminds adrian to do his homework .
nancy is choosing social media to attract customers . nancy will follow vic and phil's advice to use facebook , instagram and twitter simultaneously . they think tumblr isn't effective .
alden does not have any friends or flatmates to go out with at the weekend . cailyn understands him because she does not have many friends in turin . cailyn has been unable to find a job because he is not a native speaker of english .
mae likes jamie's suggestion salty tuber as a name for her yt channel .
stella shows her hostel to fabio and jamil . fabio finds her a better one .
mike helped with editing of ava's teaser for the campaign . the campaign is struggling as no celebrity wants to endorse it and people are not responsive . kyle shared the link on twitter to help .
alison and barry ate a delicious dinner from john's mother's . they are very grateful and asked john to thank his mom .
shirley might be late for training . however , the training might start later because other participants are also running late .
adam'll buy the christmas tree after tree , ann'll prepare the decorations .
danielle needs to buy shoes but doesn't want to spend a lot . she might buy them online .
anna is in a gift madness two days before christmas because mike says shops are empty then . julie wants to know later if his strategy works .
robin is mad at seth because his work colleague was flirting with him . she threw food at him and his friends at the meeting .
ella has a nasty stomach bug , she is in pain . frank suggests checking it with a doctor , and recommending drinking a lot , adding some honey and dairy . ella agrees to call the doctor tomorrow .
zahra likes hayley's dog .
james' ex is on channel 4 now .
mary will order the tickets to a muse concert in april . if tom is busy at work and can't go with her , she will buy off his ticket and go with someone else .
mary has now returned home from shopping .
he didn't call alex . she will call him .
lg is going to see vic and say hi to jean .
ann is waiting for kate to deliver this cd .
tristan is going for a cruise around hawaii with his parents in the summer . he will cruise also around kamchatka and alaska area .
jean didn't come to church today due to her back pain . jean takes painkillers for it . jean and joan were nurses for 40 years . harry is considering moving to scotland for work . stella visited jean after church and overstayed her welcome as she tends to do . joan's brother is a widower .
helen is interested in swimming lessons at celtic leisure for her daughter caitlin . caitlin is 6 . andy , a swimming coach , looks for a course for caitlin . july is all booked up , but there is a beginner's course during the first 3 weeks of august . it costs 150 . it's a bit more than helen expected .
shawn shares slipknot's new music video with greg .
morton has found cheap flights to dubai and they're flying there next thursday for six nights . he hasn't checked the hotels yet . he has to talk to vinnie about something , and he owes oberon a 20 .
alicia wasn't at school today . she went to norfolk because she had to testify on her parents' divorce . she won't be coming to school for a week .
justin and kevin don't like when the commercial are louder than the scheduled programme . . they think tthere are too many ads for medicines .
omarosa and lindsey don't have too much work this week , but february will be busy for them .
tom would like to meet with jim to offer him an opportunity to work on a project together . jim is interested but would like more details before the meeting . tom does not want to discuss anything upfront online and retracts his offer .
adrien asked helen to call diana and tell her that he is doing fine . chloe will stay with him .
tedd , dan and stephanie watched a terrifying material . dan will try to use social media to draw attention to the subject . stephanie , lucy and tedd will interview people and make short videos .
ginny needs emma to bring her tights and a guitar capo . emma needs a picture of the correct size capo .
carpets are being cleaned on tuesdays .
pat is feeling better after being dumped by josie and drank a couple of beers with scott yesterday . ken wants scott to invite pat to join them for a game of d d on saturday .
sue told adam about the trip .
albert is a member of a sports club . he wants a partial return of his advance payment . benjamin says that the club is unable to return any money .
natalie failed her driving license exam as she didn't notice people trying to cross . she signed up for another one next week .
jake saw how to train your dragon at the cinema with his child . lilly wants to see the same film with will .
caroline has started learning italian and would like to listen to some italian music . anette suggest her to try marco mengoni . he's a big star and has simple lyrics .
nia will conduct a training with school kids tomorrow and kelly will help her . kelly has been working since 2010 and nia since 1974 .
hugo booked an apartmen on airbnb , and cristina and ashley already paid their part , and kim will do it as soon as she gets back home this evening . hugo and kim aren't done with their papers yet .
toby is worried about his sister phoebe . she's alone but doesn't feel lonely , with her friends , neighbours and work .
lance is not impressed by jim carey . menno , guy and tommy like jim carey as a comedian .
kim is tired and is going to sleep . kim and sofia miss each other . kim will call sofia in the morning .
steve has just ordered his trousers . arnie thinks steve is getting better at using technology .
roxy's red sweater is in the chest at the foot of pamela's bed .
layla sends elsie a bohemian rhapsody cover . they are both impressed by the singer .
georgia , miranda find the christmas fair on the main square beautiful and magical , but kenzie is sick of it as it's the same every year .
francis lost his car keys but found them in his pockets .
there is a lot of police patrols checking cars on the long weekend . pamela has a new car .
tom hasn't called a girl who gave him his number yet , but mike convinced him to do so . tom is calling the girl to invite her for dinner .
isa and alex do not have any news . they will start worrying , if the situation doesn't change in one hour .
jessica will come over to anna on friday at 5 pm to meet and talk about babysitting for anna's children . she charges 10 dollar per hour a lives at off 1 35 in berry creek , and anna lives there , too .
sam had a job interview .
jackie received a birthday card from sharon . sharon will call jackie next week .
pete doesn't like having to work when nathalie is not there .
the group was a bit silent lately . molly , tim and kate didn't hang out much after ella left . she went to quito , but she is back for at least a month for health reasons .
it's monday , the weather is bad , gina is feeling sleepy at work , vicky can't nod off , because she's taking care of children .
phil , hailey , dustin and mel will start getting ready for the presentation if sean runs late .
fiona asks david to come over and help her with her essay . they will meet about 7 .
olaf has a dentist's appointment on thursday at 5 so he needs to cancel his plans with ellie . alex will pick olaf up at 4 to buy him some shoe first .
alan , fiona and debby enjoy arctic monkeys song .
paul and rita will have dinner at 8 pm .
andrew is picking up wine for dinner at ned's place .
skyler , walter and monica are not fond of introducing parking fees in their district .
dan and nick want to see another show next month .
xavier is out of his coffee . elena sends him to do shopping . the list piles up .
monica sends a message to luck by mistake and apologises .
joe and kathy will meet at the cinema at 6 pm and see the new film with lady gaga and bradley cooper .
oscar and marcus are going to play fifa in oscar's room after marcus finishes watching his series .
alex's cats are fine after the surgery . jake offers his help .
evan will play scrabble online with ali . evan and rick have an exam from roman law tomorrow . evan was studying but rick gave up .
victoria doesn't want to let nate in .
feifel and carla will receive the agenda for the friday meeting at 10 am .
zander will eat on his way home .
there was going to be a larynx cancer surgery transmitted online . pat said that eventually it is going to be a closed connection between hospitals and research institutes . lou is disappointed . pat sends kevin a link to watch some surgery on youtube .
joe didn't water the plants and killed them .
amir hasn't received the payment for the gig . aya will contact sandy to clarify the situation .
rich hasn't watched narcos on netflix yet . he will watch it over the weekend and then talk about it to jeff at work on monday .
due to prvate issues bill has to postpone the business meeting with asha to thursday 11 am .
brie saw becky's photo on instagram . becky lost 30 pounds in three months thanks to an online diet and exercise .
paul's just taken a photo of the new employee and he'll provide lisa with a copy of it shortly as she has a press release going out today . before paul takes a photo of the new machine lisa has to stage it .
venus failed the practical driving test . which made her angry and sad . her instructor was really strict . she will take a few more lessons with apollo's friend , who is a driving instructor .
mark is out with robbie and will be home in 45 minutes . sarah thinks hawaiian pizza is the best one , but she'll get some peperoni for mark . he'll buy some chocolate for her .
anita is having a flu .
jammy will call edward in 20 minutes .
hans slipped and broke his left arm . he got some pain killers and is asleep at home .
frank is waiting for katherine in front of the cinema and she'll get there in 10 minutes .
glen will buy a christmas tree from his buddy .
elena needs to be dropped off at the hospital . now natalie is going to maria who is in the restricted zone .
ian and suzan will go to the cinema tomorrow to see a western .
mick has never dons student exchanges , but it may be good for the cv . for halloween , mick is going to go to a club with his friends . he had a plan to go to london with his grandparents , but his grandma is ill , so they aren't going . amka probably won't dress up for halloween .
patrick believes mike shouldn't worry about such an asshole .
hobbs and tracy exchanged holiday greetings .
mia is not coming tomorrow morning , as she has some problems at work . so owen does not have to go and pick her up . mia will phone nicole later . she may be coming in the afternoon or evening to stay overnight but then she will take a bus , since nicole cannot fetch her .
brenda , fred and mike will go on a bike ride to grantchester . they will meet at the pl in 10 minutes .
carol has to upload at least 10 photos but she's not sure if she finds as much as 10 of good quality .
lindsey and fiona went on a trip without liz and they miss her . liz swears she'll join them the next time . fiona had black ice cream on the trip .
theo compliments luke on his today's outfit .
kai and kate can't focus on work today . kate is not sure about meeting kai tonight . she is scared of the development of their relationship . kai promises to give kate some space .
mary will be in london soon . the weather is horrible there , according to dean .
dafne and molly are thrilled that he is here . dafne will talk to him .
tina called pea and was kind .
hillary will tell julliet all about her meet with peter last night .
tom invites july to dinner , but she already has a meeting with her parents . she suggests they should meet next week . tom is feeling insecure about july and is not sure if she wants to see him . they end up on planning a meeting on wednesday .
isabella has started a blog . katharina and lilianne are happy for her .
noah had clients from china and was meeting with them for 4 hours . noah concluded his deal with them . jasmine was at the library reading papers . she needs to start writing her chapter .
sven is sick and informs ulma and hilda that he won't come .
the skin on mona's hands is very dry . no cream seems to be helping with it . jen advises mona to drink more water as her dry skin might be due to dehydration .
tom , thames , annette , clare , helen and tanvi try to schedule a christmas party .
liz saw the movie dumplin' and recommends it to carolina . the soundtrack to the movie consists exclusively of dolly parton songs . carolina is going to watch the movie tonight .
lilly bought tickets for the concert of one direction including one for eric who didn't buy it on purpose , though , as he'll be out of town visiting her grandma . lilly will bring ethan with her instead , but eric doesn't want it .
belinda can no longer meet on thursday as she is delayed on her way back from prague . she rescheduled with anna for tuesday next week .
tyles hates christmas time . he's angry that on social media people look happy while in reality it's unpleasant .
pauline will make pizza for tara and chrissy . chrissy envies tara's looks . chrissy is already at the bus stop , heading for pauline's .
rebecca and logan suggest to leave before 7am in order to avoid traffic . logan informs zach that it takes 2h by car to get to the mountains and then half an hour to the first hut .
nick and hayley finished the game . nick sacrificed chloe and is surprised that hayley sacrificed arcadia bay .
tom is at work and would like to keep an eye on an intense e mail exchange for at least another 15 minutes . jim is hungry . jim will go to the chinese restaurant and order takeout food for himself and tom . tom and jim will meet in the kitchen , when jim is back .
alina , george , mary and tom haven't heard from jason since he changed his job . jason left also their group some weeks ago . he hasn't responded to the private message alina wrote him on friday .
victor sent the following pictures to noa's gallery the one with the white cat , the one with the black cat , the one with the horns and the one at the train station . there's also a website called free press where photographers can send their work which is exhibited at the culture house every year .
tim and fran are meeting on thursday at 4 pm at de grasso pizza place . it's in the centre . tim is getting there by train . he will get off at lawrence hill . if tim has problems finding it , he will call fran .
jamie's waiting for tina on elm street . they'll meet with charles soon .
rebecca and larissa have got dresses for the wedding , henriette will go shopping tomorrow .
holly needs penelope to send him an email that she won't be here . penelope is in berlin and has a limited access to books and a laptop .
nelly is at the airport drinking coffee . she has the bus at 10 25 . andrew left nelly soup for lunch .
janine , nickie and nicole will meet on saturday for a ladies night . nickie is lately very busy and tired , because she works at the hostel , study at the university and does two language courses .
paulina talked to her bosses , her contract will be prolonged . she asked for new duties and they want her to give her some things connected to marketing and social media . the bosses will also think about a raise of her salary . paulina will be home around 3 . 40 .
amelie will come over at charlie's at 7 pm to drink some wine . charlie is too tired to go out in the centre .
robbie will go to a library with madeleine .
mary is still angry but it wasn't johns fault .
scott is pressing dan to give him back his money .
henry is ashamed after watching news , he thinks the president is embarrassing . thomas doesn't know how anyone could vote for him .
mr . clark sent janice an instruction in an excel file and asked her to fill in the document .
evan bought a white ford as his first car and wants to give it a name . mauricio doesn't like this idea .
susan will borrow das spiegelbild book from william . william will bring the book to their meeting together with rita on friday 10th . susan will pass regards to harry from william .
daniel left the party early yesterday . he struggles to find a job . andy will help him with enhancing cv .
rachel has missed her opportunity to talk to thomas .
it's rachel's turn to clean the bathroom this week but she's too busy to do it . rachel promises to cook amy lasagne if she cleans the bathroom for her .
josie , stephen and carol have accepted kyle's invitation to try out a new d d expansion . stephen asks kyle to give their player characters a chance to succeed more often when kyle is the dungeon master . carol and josie agree with stephen . kyle obliges .
melissa and brian have just arrived in bangkok . it's 7 pm there . they'll stay in bangkok for a few days and then travel to the countryside . melissa sent some pictures to kevin . he couldn't go with them .
natasha baked cookies .
morgan has to wear glasses . he is not happy about it . christina advises him wearing contact lenses .
lucas' grandmother destroyed his knitted piece and did it from scratch .
rebecca plans to buy the newest dell alienware .
kevin likes preordering games but gets frustrated with their quality . joe prefers to buy them later because they tend to have less bugs and be cheaper .
steven's car is in the shop , so he will borrow jessica's to pick up jojo .
tom agrees to help rob move his new couch at 6 pm . rob will wait for him downstairs after he picks the couch up with his car .
andrew and mia are meeting with their mom next wednesday . mia has classes until 8pm , so she will join andrew and mom later .
auntie's birthday is next week . may will ask if she's throwing a party . karen's parents are going to the seaside for the weekend . may will join her on friday . they'll have some wine , pizza and netflix .
bertil is having problems with storage on her phone . mia suggests deleting cache files and it works .
matthew is at the tim hortons downstairs and is getting large double coffee with 1 sugar for logan .
mom wants jack to turn the volume down .
miranda offered robyn her old clothes that were almost unused but robyn couldn't fit in them .
gabriella will do the shopping from the list she got , so everly could bake vanilla cookies and brownie for the party .
kate and susan are displeased with katherine's arrival because they don't want spend time with her .
many people in brazil voted for a neofascist . the second candidate , haddad , is a member of pt , a party which is involved in corruption . lula was the other member of this party but he's been falsely imprisoned and now people hate him .
casey is selling her green dress . britney is interested in it . casey is offering to sell it to her for a bottle of wine . britney can come and try it on tomorrow .
martin is going to buy kathy coldplay's cd and a small flower for her birthday .
sebastian and marta count down days until the end of school year .
the movie starts at 7 and beth is late . miranda will keep a seat for her .
eva wants to go to the mall after school with liv and tyler . dee , her mother , agrees , but asks her to be back home at 6 .
patricia is going on her honeymoon to portugal tomorrow .
bella got a message from sal who wanted her to give him cameron's number , but she told him to piss off .
rachel , lucy and sara are excited about the season 3 of la casa de papel in 2019 and the return of berlin .
betty is shocked to hear from anthony that thomas and susan got divorced . apparently , he had an affair with a girl from work .
natalie sends a picture of herself to stanley at his request . stanley has an essay to write .
tony wants to hear the news . hedge can't talk because his parents are at home .
barry will drop the csi files to mira's office in an hour . mira will take care of the error at page 18 herself .
christy has watched home alone 20 times . fanny and christy enjoyed the movie avatar . christy will pick fanny up in 1 h to go to the cinema .
martha and judith are going to meet at the french restaurant .
pearl is buying a new car .
ira is disgusted by the photo of breeding spiders that tamika shared with her .
scott and adam will meet at 10 in the 11th floor kitchen .
janice , di and mike will have lunch with their father on 25th . their mom will decide if she wants to meet on 24th or 26th . janice wants to spend more time with her mother , but they need to make up with the father for thanksgiving . she , di and mike will not make a movie as a present .
briggs's mobile phone broke . kendrick will try to fix it .
mary asks dad to check brakes in her car . he will chem them tomorrow .
debora will cancel the internet service because cole forgot about it when they moved out .
the system which credits you with points for social activities , known from one of black mirror's episodes , was introduced in china . charlie and will are surprised and skeptical . they think it is exaggerated and against human rights .
daniel and hannah are going to brighton for a romantic getaway this weekend . claire will take care of their kids . hannah will drop them off at claire's on friday after 5 . hannah and claire will also plan a girls trip in may . hannah has been busy at work in the last two months and she needs a break .
erica will get chloe some pink pyjamas for her birthday . amelia will get her some cute bunny slippers .
adam will buy slim cigarettes for mary .
the meeting is at 4 30 , but mendes will be there at 3 30 pm .
steve will bring gracie chocolate in 15 m at her request .
craig had good time at the party yesterday . he came back at 6 o'clock . most people left about 3 , but he waited for agnes because he wanted to drive her back , but she was having a chat with some guy .
ula and joanna are going to a new sushi restaurant at 8 pm tomorrow . edyta can't join them , because she's got a headache . ula will make the reservation for wednesday .
david and sam miss the old days . sam's cousin passed away and his girlfriend jennie's been under observation since the accident .
chris cannot come to a hockey game this saturday , that derek invited him to . the game however is a weekly event so chris will come next weekend . chris is expected to bring his hockey gear , but there are possibilities to lend it at the club .
nick got a cool birthday present from ann . he will take mark for a ride .
ella needs a new car . according to bert , a hybrid car will suit her needs .
michael has arrived first , even though he was 30 minutes late . pam and eddie are still on their way . ann is a bit uspet .
lucy is at work . it is very cold outside . tim and lucy don't know if hall is getting married ,
marta is sitting with her sister . lukass is watching tv with his sister . she's angry at lukass , because she's being told what to do .
karolina is at the museum . joy gave karolina's number to vicky . karolina is available on whatsapp .
rene will be there in a minute .
max transfers 30 pln back to matthew's account . max and matthew are aware that money has no real value currently , it's abstract . max and matthew have fun sharing gifs .
jacqueline is considering a springtime shopping for plants to liven up their place . alexander agrees but warns her that he will not be coaxed into taking any care of them . he suggests though that she checks out spathiphyllum and agave . she approves of these and will get aloe vera as well .
jonathan will find a couple massage course for cindy and him .
hanna and kate go for drinks friday evening around 8 . 00 . they will try out a new place in the city centre . they will ask mary if she joins .
he finally proposed to catherine in a small village near manchester and they stayed in a small b b .
sally will tell mom about ann's health problems . ann is sick again but doesn't have to work this week , so she will get some rest .
douglas and carl are going to buy tvs on black friday . in addition , douglas wants to buy a vacuum cleaner and an external hard drive .
elizabeth bought coffe beans at nearby cafe . she will have coffe with anne on sunday afternoon .
amy's company is thinking of introducing work promoting scheme . he told the boss that the idea was dumb and he wouldn't take part in it .
arnold wants to buy a car from boris . boris is willing to give arnold a discount . they are meeting on saturday at 10 o'clock to seal the deal .
jenny and matt are going to matt's parents for christmas . jenny will get some cheese , crackers and chutney on friday to bring for the party .
nate flew in town last night . he will meet up with bates tomorrow .
leo will soon board a plane to thailand .
timmy is tired and wants to do shots . terry will bring some food .
carrie is pleased with her looks . abby considers her a snob .
sarah informed annie that she is using her internet allowance quicker this month . annie has 2gb left for the next 12 days .
helen , jeff and their children cannot come and spend christmas with gwen and her family because their car has broken down and they have no money to pay for the repair .
hilary's son and mandy's daughter are starting school tomorrow .
craig doesn't like ties . for a wedding he is going to wear a shirt without a tie or a bow tie .
nylah is surprised about the blue ticks below her messages .
thomas sent gifs to valery to cheer her up , but she was not in the mood for jokes .
samantha , amy and nicolas are going to fiasco tonight .
sara is in cannes looking for a job as a waitress . marie is renovating . according to sara , if she started singing at her job , she would be put in a psychiatric hospital . she's certain that even there she would take her usual set of useful everyday items , that she took to france .
maria and alex are going to visit alex , whose father died yesterday . malcolm will inform justin and maria will inform migel .
mia thinks the new girl looks creepy .
rivka and brecken are talking about the green colour .
jonah got terry and his company the tickets to the museum . they liked it very much .
kevin sent pictures from yesterday on veronica's request .
terry's having a rough week and there's some delay in his work . david , his boss , needs it finished . terry will submit it now .
lola and peter will go to a museum today . kim recommends them guggenheim while ben mentions the moma .
lisa does on line grocery shopping at tesco for her family . jim prefers going to the shop by himself . kevin wants to try on line grocery shopping , but prefers asda due to lower prices .
breanna , charles and jade plan to go to mauritius .
it's half past ten , and peter is waiting for sam , who is late .
shane and ed will go out of college and meet outside ed's class now , to see the new avengers at the plex .
kate's computer has crashed . kate is afraid she might lose an unsaved project . bill tells her to use task manager . it turns out that microsoft word is not responding . bill tells kate to shut down word . it works .
maria is still in italy but finds the general situation with growing racism , frustration , xenophobia worrying . jess is surprised by that as she found italy welcoming . she was thinking about visiting maria , but it's only a dream now .
mary hasn't received the link to the photos from the trip that lizzy sent to her . lizzy will try again .
edna wants to get in touch with john , maxine and kim . kim got married and moved to another state . john died in a car accident . maxine is still around and melvin has her number .
jeff and ceaser will take tennis lessons and it will cost about 90 bucks a month for 8 lessons .
jenny and donn will wear dresses .
george has a samsung tv that cost him 430 dollars .
nathan will text jude about rachel's phone number . brandon doesn't have it .
jason reckons the arsenal player is not a good striker but still thinks he deserves respect . alfred thinks he is a good player . garry considers him to be their top scorer in europa league .
ashley and eric are in san francisco , which has suffered a big earthquake . they and their familites are ok . however , there were 12 casualties and many injuries in ashley's area .
bobby and freddie are going to see a star is born in the cinema at 7pm . the movie has very good reviews . they're going to invite mike as well .
sarah is going to the party with clare . freda is also attending . freda and sarah don't know what to wear to the party , but they both agree they like dressing up . freda decides to wear jeans and a fancy top .
andy and lupe are going to the armenian restaurant on saturday . ida is working in the evening during the weekend .
tim got a new business car but has to cover everything except for servicing . danny suggest it's not the best deal . tim needs the car and the job .
dad wants to come over to sue's to collect his drill , which he needs to fix a towel rail downstairs . sue will be at home all afternoon . dad will pop in at about 3 . thomas will be back from school then , and harry will have football practice . sue invites her dad for tea , he will let her know later .
shawn went to buy waffles .
harry is on his way to meet with joseph . joseph will wait outside .
logan and peter are angry about new amazon headquarters being built .
zoe and jonathan lost . zoe promises to improve . jonathan is already training , buy the can't reach zoe's phone . zoe will come to join him immediately .
jemma added anton to the group . jemma organises the next meeting at her place . anton wants to come there .
john won't go to the party because of emily .
lady's leash is in the bathroom .
ross has an umbrella in his room .
johny , pat and ted are going to watch a movie together in ted's room .
emma is at comicon . she wants to seduce a boy .
jake proposed and alexandra said yes .
greg and maddie love each other .
june asked kevin to buy some butter and eggs to make cookies .
daniel was dancing .
sam is looking for a high level job , but is not keen on working for it . aria suggests he starts at a lower level and works his way up .
jason is not willing to get the copy of martha's m . a . from the dean's office , because he doesn't consider her a friend .
voss will see lena in 10 minutes .
poppy shares a photo after falling of her bike . she is sore but ok .
nat will meet alex and others today at 6 30 p . m . to talk about renting a room in their flat .
emma gave the first fifteen lives of harry august to liam . he finished the book and gave it to cecilia . emma forgot about it .
leanne is going to visit sue to collect mum's correspondence . leanne and sue will have tea together .
kate finds it weird that melanie's friend keeps sleeping with her teddy bear despite she's 28 years old . kate suspects that the girl might have been molested as a child .
lia left a bag in the classroom . tom took it for her .
rafal sends alex and john the revieved version of their e mail . it was accepted .
leonard and mom are snowed in . he needs to clear the driveway . andy took a bus to work in the morning . the forecast says more snow before the weekend . leonard ordered christmas gifts from rewe with 10 . mom spent last six christmases on cruises .
anabella sends ryan a picture of a gift for sean . they need to buy a gift for emily but anabella doesn't want to buy another doll . ryan suggests a book about horses as emily liked the one they got from the library .
cristina is going to the airport .
tim plans to go to eastern europe next summer . piotr recommends warsaw , bialowieza and masuria .
lidia agrees to go to a wedding on 6th may with darek's cousin on the condition that the cousin asks her himself .
max has checked online to make sure they don't need a visa for their trip to china .
lucy and maggie are meeting before the party at lucy's at 6 pm to prepare themselves .
bob's high school friend is a stand up comedian .
benji is intoxicated and wants lexi to join him tonight . lexi is not interested .
daryl tells lou and jo that there's a gaming rehab . daryl likes playing video games .
jasna's son is 9 months old , he smiles and he's serene baby . he can walk , he's very dynamic , but not as much as the older son of jasna . bojana and jasna are both satisfied to have kids .
rhonda , cheryl and tiffany are planning a trip to copenhagen . tiffany proposes to visit the art museum . rhonda proposes the national museum . cheryl wants to see the mermaid and christiania . the girls are also considering a boat tour around the city and visiting rosenborg castle .
mia and olivia are disgusted that ella is engaged to an old man . they don't accept his age and wish this relationship to be over soon .
tina is going to teach cassie how to dance , starting next weekend .
kimberly sends ashley a video from paul's phone as she doesn't have space on her phone to make videos anymore . ashley is enjoying the photos and wants some more .
tom is going to karaoke place tomorrow . he invites jenny but she has already made plans . it's her birthday tomorrow .
beatriz is in cambridge and it's raining heavily there . she's in the library studying for her phd . in chris' place the weather is lovely .
adam and andrew had a great time at martha's party .
lora is down with her boyfriend as he cheated on her with jessica . pola will call lora after work so they can meet later .
angela moved to california , because her mom got a job there . angela wants to take her brother and kids to california too , so she takes a gap year . jack has his last phd exam tomorrow . angela is going to canada for working holiday for a few days .
lily is bored and wants to go wake boarding , but liam is at work now . they may go tomorrow .
cadence is talkative and won't let lane sleep .
peter and josh send each other racist photos . josh tries to trick peter that he thinks it's not ok .
grant's upstairs neighbors have a new scooter and ride it every day . as a result , grant can't sleep and he's angry .
kim won't apply for translators world because the rate is below the standard .
kaniel buys 2 pairs of jeezy boots shoes from outis , a pink one size 40 and a black one size 43 . a pair goes for 3500 ksh . they will be delivered to 430 , kimathi street after kaniel has made the payments .
lucy prefers tolstoy's books rather than dostoevsky's . evelyn will probably read anna karenina first .
monica is busy taking care of her firstborn .
ian and marly are talking about the dixie chicks .
elisabeth , fatima and bruno are going for the trip tomorrow . they're departing at 7 am and they'll reach their destination at approximately 10 pm .
lima bought a mug for emma . caroline bought a ticket for sleeping beauty . irma is unsure what to get and will let caroline and lima know .
jack enjoys his weekend . dalila enjoys staying at home . wendy is not traumatized after the accident but she's not cutting curves anymore .
tom's been waiting for stacy and jill .
linda bought a new pair of high heels and got a discount . she'll make an appointment at her hairdresser for zoe .
mathew will bring patrick bhajia and kebab from sonford fries .
norah considers moving abroad as she is young , has no family or other commitments . she speaks spanish , so she may go to spain or south america .
sandra agrees with the article and she would only attempt to speak french , if she was drunk . nicole did an as level .
chris is overwhelmed with work as he is involved in ten projects at the same time . the management at his company refuses to hire any new employees despite the growing workload . the situation is similar in the case of victoria .
mary and oscar bought a nice book as a gift for her .
steve's friend is taking her pupils on a trip around salvador to teach them about colonialism . aline will write to steve about the weekend soon .
sophie wants to pass her driving licence . clemence recommends ornikar as one of the cheapest . he read that online schools are better than the traditional ones . he did his licence at cef , having taken a month and a half for the theory and only 20 hours of driving lessons , but he had driven before .
ava regrets asking her partner about his relationship history . he has had a few unpleasant break ups and used to date three beautiful girls ava knows .
ronald and donna will have a short phone call at 4 . 15 p . m . ronald want to discuss the questionnaire that donna filled out . donna will collect a feedback from jack and send it to ronald .
monica is having a day for herself .
marsha , thomas , tracy and gavin are going to pisa tomorrow . they will wake up at 9 , leave at 10 and arrive to pisa at 12 .
sophie is looking for her eyelash curler . isabelle hasn't found it in her place , so sophie will call diane to ask about it .
john and peter check the flights . they decide to book a flight on december 6th . peter will pay for the flight .
casper has new paintings .
greta has just bought two expensive tickets to the theatre as a christmas gift . greta will see linda for a coffee on the corner in 15 minutes .
tina needs to contact michael smith , but he's not in chad's class anymore . michael deleted his facebook account and hasn't been at school for 3 4 months . tina was supposed to give him the tutoring . chad has his phone number and tina will contact michael's parents .
the client gino saw yesterday wants to be called back . if there is an urgent matter today , sandra will send gino a message .
tracy met sophie last night . they both enjoyed it . they will go out again on friday at 8 p . m . sophie has never been with a girl before but tracy doesn't care .
don will pick the car up in the morning .
bunny is coming back in 3 days and will see helena .
nancy went to the wrong airport in brussels and almost missed the flight . someone on the train advised her she was going to charleroi instead of zaventem , so she took a taxi for which she paid a fortune to get to the right airport .
garrett hates shaving so , according to hammond , he should consider shaving .
hunter is too tired to join cameron at the gym tonight .
dorothy doesn't like turtle necks . marie explains the difference between a polo neck and a turtle neck .
sanchez thought the test was tomorrow so he's not here . louisa will tell the professor . sanchez is on his way .
jenny will go to caron after 2 to bring eye drops and some paperwork . caron will set up jenny's laptop .
christian and robert will have hawaiian pizza tonight .
lily's waking up and getting up and mark invites her for a coffee he brought from colombia . lily will come to mark's place with her dog in an hour .
lena has done an experiment for biology , but forgot to write a report about it . emma offers to change her own notes and print them , so they could pass for lena's report .
dave and chris want to produce an rnb song together . they will meet with jay the producer later in the evening and ask him for suggestions .
flora and amalia got lost and didn't find the lake . they asked people instead of using google maps .
annabella sent jett her recipe for the cheesecake she had brought yesterday . annabella with bake a cheesecake for mary's birthday .
kate is doing a course in ny . melanie's cats are doing fine . kate is doing well with the invitations .
susan wants to invite little johnny for supper as he is waiting for his mother at the doorstep again . victor wants him to stay also for bible reading . victor is hungry on the train , coming back from the conference .
gina and toby are expecting a baby april 2019 . so is danie .
jim and mel are complaining about working for free or paying for being employed .
sule convinces mike to meet for tea in the cafetaria in 10 minutes . sule will pay for the food .
hardi is in bologna . they've finally started to go to school .
kim's kid got sick so she can't join the other girls for friday meeting . misty wants to meet jen and lily anyway , as she needs to talk to them about her bad week with tom .
scott , gary and eric are going to the party . they advise scott what to wear .
bobby will be late and mary and tina won't start without him .
greg's school team is going to play football today .
sandra got engaged yesterday . he proposed in a traffic jam .
fendi wants a new pull and bear bag . her mom has no money for it , so she needs to pay for it herself .
logan is looking at cheap flights in winter . he wants to go to caribbean , south africa or thailand . logan wants eve to join him . she will ask her boss for a short leave .
rebecca does not know how to turn on the hub . the green power switch turns on the hub .
ash has a new hobby , but he changes them regularly or adds new ones , which makes clem sceptical about it .
gina and emily are going to share their food . imma has already eaten .
alice has started a new setup . she didn't tell huda about it . huda decided to divorce her husband . she will join the project once she is done with her problems .
carrie enjoyed shawn's party last night .
sophie wants a cluse watch for christmas . sara has already chosen the same watch .
mia received the proofs of the graduation photos 2 weeks ago by mail , but she hasn't received hard copies yet . gia hasn't received anything yet . gia and mia were promised college sweaters by her , but haven't received them yet . they also had to borrow their graduation gowns for money .
joe and anna didn't like the new netflix series '1983' , and they wonder how it is possible that all critics recommend it very highly .
william is chilling in devon . mark is going there next weekend .
someone destroyed stacy's bathroom and the main suspect is david's girlfriend . javier gives stacy david's phone number so he or she would pay for the repair .
taylor is at a shopping mall and has a flat tyre . his father is at a meeting and can't help . his mother , owen , cannot contact ethan for help because ethan has left his mobile at home . taylor will call a friend instead .
judith , marco and leo received new shifts schedule . judith is travelling from march 2nd to march 5th . she will change shifts with leo .
paula explains the classification of consonants in the polish word 'książę' to willow .
because nickolas thinks the film was very bad , mario wants to see it himself .
according to vincent , the store providing the computer to nelly is reliable and inexpensive but slow .
nancy and sid will have pasta without meat for dinner tonight .
ruby doesn't want to go to school so she told her mum she is sick . evie's mum would never believe her .
emilia is editing a manual at work right now . trey gave emilia a photo and promised to give her another one later , but didn't do it yet . trey is coming back from a job interview .
simon has lost some weight since he left sydney where he'd put some weight on . mark says simon is not as slim as before .
lucy is going to play with carlos' band at space or replace him as he is sick .
katy morris has just left .
lieutenant wells called bryan lots of times . bryan is going to afghanistan . the situation is stable there . bryan is lucy's only son . bryan is visiting lucy on thursday with a cake .
luca will take the black bike . ben is on the wrong train and will only be able to get off in birmingham .
alisha and hamza will play 8 ball and clash royale together . alisha has sent hamza an invitation for her clan .
odette enjoyed yesterday's workshop . odette will call eden in a while to tell him about it .
annette has not mastered the moves for today's class and is asking tony for help . tony is busy right now , but he will teach her in the afternoon .
billy is on his way to meet will . will is waiting outside the building .
christy and her husband would like to revisit darline in haiti . darlene mentions there sometimes are manifestations with violence .
there is a storm and karl and skye's office is experiencing a power outage . karl is in the office and he's already filed a report to the power company . now karl is following the official instructions to shut down the servers in order to prevent their damage .
today rob and juan had panels . rob discussed politics , history , art and literature . clarice and rob didn't like the chairman of rob's panel . rob , clarice , hugh and juan will have a drink later .
samantha is visiting her parents and won't be back until sunday . ruth wants samantha to join her at a jazz dance club vertigo on the 20th . samantha won't make it as she will be resting after she returns .
greg and jack are worried about hubert . hubert seems to be too silent since he started dating marco . greg talked to hubert , but hubert says everything is alright .
greg's hotel reservation in barcelona was cancelled and he has no place to stay . it's past 8 pm and he's waiting in the hotel lobby . john's company will call the hotel to find out why the reservation was cancelled and they will review their cooperation . john can't book accommodation for greg .
a doctor prescribed brayden medication for 15 days . since brayden has a chronic disease , he has to make another appointment with the doctor soon .
the film with gaga is the 4th remake .
nicole is relieved that her new partners agree with the protest .
matt and john's customer from berlin is irritated because he hasn't received the money transfer . the invoice was issued on jan 15th . john will check with their accountant and send them an e mail with payment details by eod . there's a special campaign scheduled for tuesday .
william wakes up too early and cannot go back to sleep . gina and karen tell william what he can do .
lisa felt bad . she didn't come to school . the professor gave the homework . now lisa is feeling good .
joe and barbara landed . tracy will come to the city center when they get there .
nicky and phil owe the bank 3k .
irwin will come and get his backpack from jeremy's tomorrow afternoon .
ted's twisted his ankle .
adam will text maya around 1 pm .
maggie wants to know if there is any nice cotton fabric in the shops . liz doesn't know but she will go before the winter break . there's a haberdashery in new market square .
jack , alex and megan want to go somewhere warm for a week at the beginning of february . they will check for special offers . megan suggests curaco , she'll ask her friend at delta .
mia is destroyed after last night . kim is still in bed .
jack , kasia and wojtek will go to a concert that is taking place in the royal castle at 7 pm on saturday . they will go to pożegnanie z afryką afterwards .
pete wants to help matthew paint his house .
larry and jimmy will be attending a concert in london tomorrow . jimmy is going to arrive in london after 8 45 am after a long journey . kate will be able to join them because she managed to finish her work .
dana cannot pick up a package for robert .
cason bought a dslr . he didn't tell joy about it .
arnie is scheduled to arrive in warsaw at 18 45 . betty will come to pick him up at 19 or 19 15 .
kimberly and andrew are planning to go to lisbon for wyd in 3 years time .
malia is a fan of ed sheeran . jax sing in his car when alone . malia and jax are going to jacob's home .
dave wants to be added to the group chat . rob doesn't know how to do it . he might make everyone admins to solve the problem .
mark will be late for dinner , he has to stay longer at work because there is an audit at the end of the year . sarah has heard it for the last 15 days , she misses mark . they are going on vacation after the audit .
ron sends john and flynn a video compilation of brutal falls . they're too sensible to watch it .
julia is cutting her hair tomorrow . tommy is unhappy , he loves her hair .
tomorrow's meeting starts at 9 am sharp and ends at about 11 am . it will be about structure and rules of the institution , also health and safety guidelines . sonia will have to leave at 10 30 . oswold will give her some extra materials . they are also going to sign the contracts so ids will be needed .
sam passed away last night , but reuben does not know the cause of the death yet . karin is in a bad mood and she would like to find her own place . karin will probably live in the same area , because it is close to her work .
martha hasn't seen katy who's wearing a hot dress today . teddy thinks katy wants to seduce mr . harris even though he's married and has four kids .
ed couldn't get in because he didn't have the key , and mike was at his chess club meeting . ed had to go get the key from mike .
there is a new tenant coming . fatima doesn't remember when . ben will show him the flat .
megan is looking for a room to rent for her and paul . megan found a perfect place , but paul thinks it is too expensive . paul is going to help megan with finding a better offer .
hania tries to break a piece of today's news to her mother before she realises that instead of texting with tania , she is massaging with her father . tania is preparing dinner at the moment , so hania wants her to call her back . she does not want to tell things to her father .
mathew sent elia link to eminem's cinderella man he was just listening .
elis is angry with her brother .
gloria and olivia live together but olivia is moving out . this makes gloria happy because olivia was not a respectful flatmate .
it's been raining constantly for a week . miriam and andrew decide to cancel their sightseeing today . miriam will come to andrew's place at 7 pm . they will watch netflix and have dinner together . miriam will bake a cake .
hannah wants to go somewhere with her friends for the new year s eve . ryan wants a traditional drinking party . frank wants something new .
isla is conducting research on most popular names in the uk in the last 30 years . isla wants to know if the names of public figures have an influence on the names people choose for their children . harry refuses to explain why his parents gave him this name . harry was born in 1985 .
stacy will probably get her phone back repaired within 4 days .
acker will give jetta chess lessons . dayton's grandpa used to teach him . acker , jetta and dayton will meet to practice before the tournament starts at 4 .
anne won 1000 dollars in a lottery .
eva cannot decide on her vacation plans just yet because hubby does not know if he can get a week of holiday . eva and hannah will go to greece for holiday .
nathan and jake will attend a political debate on campus . the election is on monday . nathan is going to vote for harper . jake was thinking about voting for trudeau .
gabriel has 5 hours on a train and needs some music to entertain himself . he should listen to beach house and ok computer or in rainbows by radiohead .
anna will come to jenny tomorrow to have some coffee and explain her how she can buy and sell stuff on allegro .
barry took the chocolate that gus had bought for dinny for their first month anniversary .
maxwell is not coming tomorrow .
zhara has problems with nxexpiria camera's settings . zhara has a nxexpiria model from 2017 and a booklet that came with it . ana will ask her boyfriend if he will be able to help zhara .
james will share his sandwiches with laura .
fran and ethan are meeting today at 7 30 at ethan's . karen is leaving at 6 for work and rob's out tonight .
franklin and francis watched the match yesterday . franklin missed the second half . the referee gave a penalty kick to the other team . francis switched off the tv .
taylor has problems with his skype . angel will forward taylor's message to cynthia .
vicki is very tired and she does not know if she will make it today . she went to sleep at 10 p . m . , but there was a loud party next door .
scarlett cooked dinner . she invited their new neighbours , mark and mia , to get to know them .
charles will get groceries for mary and make pancakes today .
mom might have hidden the tablet charger in a tv drawer .
vicky thinks she might have got food poisoning after the last meal with marleen , denny , and david . marleen suggests that vicky is pregnant .
anne wants to do nothing tonight as she is already busy with her job this week .
elias was looking for his blue watch . elias forgot , that he lent the watch to matt 2 days ago .
doris will meet terry at 7 for a couple of beers to celebrate she passed her exam .
helen has a job after being jobless for 3 months . she's not going to work today , because she's pregnant and she feels bad .
julia wants to go on a date on valentine's day but benjamin finds the holiday tacky .
peter's tapping . it bothers duffy . he'll stop .
kimberley and rose are meeting tomorrow to go to a salsa party . she will be free after her dancing classes at 7 30 pm , so he will pick her up at 7 45 .
donna wishes katie good luck on her exam .
paul , joe and rob will go to the new narcos themed escape room . rob will book a slot for friday .
nelson has just started reading the lord of the rings . it's one of the favourite books of wilson . fellowship is his favourite part .
miles had a strange dream about being stuck in the 80's . connie wishes they could go back to their dreams .
grace and andrew may be going to egypt together this december .
jean , rebecca and mark will meet in the pub next to jean's home to play some pool and table football .
paige is looking for a bathrobe . clara and natalia recommend her the fluffy ones . paige agrees , but can't decide whether to buy a rabbit or a bear bathrobe .
charlotte had a birthday . peter don't have any gift for her , even if she gave him one for his birthday . he will have something for her .
freddy has rented a camera . freddy , agatha and jacob will go and take outdoor photos on saturday morning .
rebecca , rose and fiona met today . rose and fiona got home safely .
lorena got some good bargains at the 99 cents shop .
james asks sarah if due to a big history test tomorrow he can submit his essay one day later . sarah agrees .
di's plane has come down in frankfurt . she will meet with bro .
jenny does not like the way the new girl in her chemistry class looked at her so she will tell everyone not to talk to her . cameron questions this approach .
pauline is going to lyon tomorrow to see her grandmother , who had a heart surgery today . she and carl are going to meet on monday or next week .
the company is looking for a new senior manager for the team . there are already a few applications from linkedin . mike , julia , frank and greg are disappointed because it means they're not getting promoted anytime soon .
sara , ken , alex and anna enjoyed thanksgiving feast . kieran proposed to split thanksgiving grocery expenses and charge everyone equally . they will bring leftovers to the camp at around 1 pm and have a leftover lunch .
sebastian , louise and wilfried will play fifa at sebastian's place on friday .
sandor explains to mike that o1g means sperm in hungarian and it is offensive . mike saw the writing everywhere in budapest lately . mike and shaun are against orban .
tom and janet are congratulating silvia on her presentation .
jillian bought three black dresses today .
mark gave jane a pair of earrings as a gift .
bill and jen are collecting voices and aim for 20 in total .
katy will be at the animal association tomorrow at 8 00 am . brendon and katy will feed the kittens and puppies and clean up after the cats and dogs . they will grab lunch at a spot around the corner .
lizzie is feeling better today , she is asleep and has no fever .
dianne planted sunflowers and they did not grow . barrett knows a little bit about the flowers and advises to wait .
rodger is organizing a meeting to watch the match starting at 8 45 pm . rodger wants to know how many people are interested in order to make a reservation . austin is coming back next month and can't join .
shirley made dumplings with vegetable filling . she got the recipe from youtube .
james wants alexander to throw away the garbage .
emma is looking for the cellar key . baldwin will look through his keys when he gets home .
carl is going to make an order from fitme . he will get three banana flavoured , three strawberry and five chocolate protein shakes for leah . he will also get her pancake mix from a company which sells fit versions of junk food .
molly is back to some song recently and listened to a new album on spotify recently , and andrew didn't know it was already there .
christine and jane's friends , sean and natasha , are getting a divorce after being married for 2 years . according to natasha's brother , sean was unfaithful .
tony and his wife celebrate their anniversary next week . he doesn't know what to buy as a present . liz suggests calvin klein perfume .
jenny has free seat in her car . maria and bernhard want to go with her . they're leaving about 9 from the hotel .
beth and sara make fun of linda's wedding video that will be played tomorrow at the party .
diana really needs susan to join her at a meeting where diana's ex is going to be with his new wife .
lena is on the train , which was delayed , and tom will arrive in 10 minutes , so ali will wait for them at starbucks .
max and sophia are going for bowling tonight . tomorrow , they will watch creed ii .
james is in london . it's cold . he saw buckingham palace , london eye and big ben . he will se the harry potter film set . james lost his scarf in thames . he will buy a new one . alice will send him the money .
pete has seen the new bladerunner film . he recommends it to pete . pete is going to pirate the movie .
zoe is planning a jesus formal for wednesday 21st . tom , richard , helen and anne will join .
matt hasn't bought the turkey yet as he might get one at work for free in the next couple of days . matt will probably be home at the usual time . sadie and matt are having grilled cheese soup later .
ian sends alice a photo of something in connection with his cat . ian's cat is often more interested with ian's clothes than with ian himself . cats were once considered gods .
jenna asks scott to buy her an adhesive bandage . she cut her finger the previous day .
rhys asked ronald how he can save a screenshot of a conversation in his samsung galaxy s9 .
john and lucy have classes in room n215 today .
sue's car has stopped working , so she is stuck on the road . sue managed to get home , but she is mad at a garage in which she bought a car . sue is going to confront them tomorrow . sue wrote an official complaint , so she is going to visit a garage once again with jenny in order to hand it in .
emily has a problem with her bike's brakes . jason will try to help her . they'll meet at his place .
neither helen nor katie went to sw tonight . helen and katie will go to the tuesday classes done by emily .
alfonso , marga and clair are meeting up for breakfast tomorrow , at 9 00 . they are meeting in la tienda de la cerveza bar next to la latina metro station . marga compares this bar to disgusting and dirty bars in madrid . claire is looking forward to see her friends .
nina is decluttering her house . mark , nancy , kelly , sam and jess are supportive .
tim surprised nina with flowers after they spent a nice day together yesterday .
the maison is suitable for a date .
eva's broken her leg . barbara will be at eva's place in thirty minutes . they will be watching something borrowed , something new .
andy doesn't want to come and help april make cookies .
natalie had a bad day because she lost her wallet and all her cards .
tom is fine and doesn't need mary's help .
daniel recommends margaux to choose aloe vera . margaux will soon place the order .
josh , emma and bill will order pizza and asian food for the evening .
liam feels sorry for willow , because she is ill at christmas .
valeria will visit calvin in 30 40 .
caroline and isaac will be exchanging gifts soon . caroline likes books by nicholas sparks but she'd rather get a purse this time .
madison is working on a school project about extinct languages of lapland .
christine is not going to school tomorrow as she's sick with the flu or a cold . annie will drop theraflu sachets through christine's letterbox later .
jim was planning to spend christmas alone , watching tv . jim and sarah do not like the film home alone . sarah invites jim over for christmas dinner .
sally and kate will go to the new lebanese restaurant on friday to celebrate sally's birthday .
junior is 10 min late for the game .
tommy has some bottles of hand sanitizer from his mother . rosie will come to take a look after she makes sure that people print reports on the right size paper .
ash didn't go to school and missed ashley's performance . eva sends her the recording . eva likes ashley's singing , eva doesn't .
the paperwork says the bank will close the account on the 16th january . vince didn't take their names off the account .
amelia and oliver's train is departing in 3 minutes . oliver had trouble finding the platform .
lucy will call kate when she'll wake up .
amelia is back from australia and was missed by zara . jamie liked her pictures and amelia is up for a catch up meeting with them .
logan and amelia discuss politics and brexit . logan explains there is a problem with the customs union and the border . they go to the pub to discuss the matter .
cam decided to give uma a cake and kokedama classes as a farewell gift .
ian will join harry and todd on a snowboarding trip to zakopane this weekend . harry and todd will test their new boards , ian will rent one .
samuel wants to watch some polish movies . michal recommends kieslowski's double life of weronika , and mis .
nelly , kate and ruth's friend , audrey , has recently gone vegan , become interested in politics , and according to kate it's mainly because she wants to impress her boyfriend . nelly has noticed audrey doesn't spend a lot of time with them recently as her boyfriend doesn't like them .
after brainstorming gift ideas with alex , matilda will buy yves saint laurent black opium for her friend .
dan comes home late twice a week lately and complains about being tired . julie is worried by this behavior . julie will talk to dan this weekend , as maddy advised .
chloe finds the new math teacher attractive and reasonable , andrew hasn't met him yet .
tom and cate are going to the cinema to see both bohemian rhapsody and suspiria . they will bring popcorn and buy nachos . tom bought tickets in the middle .
the alarm went off . peter will go to 134 road street to check it .
james is leaving the company next month . craig wonders who's going to be fired next .
honorata is upset as his brother has made a mess of the house in his absence .
darren and matt want to meet tomorrow at scott's to try out his cocktail cabinet .
yoli and eva will go to ikea on thursday with yoli's truck . eva is running on wednesday and thursday morning until 10 30 . yoli has to pick up the girls from school at 5 .
allen , michelle and molly are listening to a song of katie .
lisa sent a video of rick s new song to kate . lisa thinks it's amazing .
barry and marty decide to have some vodka and disco . they will meet at barry's .
jenna doesn't want an apple from linda .
it's black friday and howard bought speakers for 12 bucks .
rami sent silvia the program but the ticket sales start next tuesday . rami's plan is 19 08 grosvenor and 26th at 8 pm avdeeva . silvia was at her concert with kremer last year and found it fantastic . rami missed the concert . she would like to buy a full pass .
lorranie would like to eat a tomato soup .
paul asked alan for help in finding excel file with the annual budget that phil needs for his presentation . alan helped paul to find the file .
richard and janine don't like christopher because of his behaviour and fashion sense .
ross needs someone to cover for him on monday between 4 and 6 pm . melania can't help him , josh probably will .
ralph reluctantly agrees to leave the library and call marta to hear her news .
lola is going to leave the party and visit nick in 10 minutes .
adam supports the team that barry thinks is not worthy .
seat is cheaper and nicer than golf , but may not be bigger .
john is tired with the winter and he needs a break . he's flying home to malawi tomorrow and he'll be back in 2 or 3 weeks . josh , luke and theresa want to visit him in africa someday .
julia will send emma their photos from the party again , because julia had a problem with her phone .
john , robert , jeniffer and mary are leaving paris on monday at 9am . they're going to brussels , which shouldn't take more than 4 hours .
josh sent kate a photo of his haircut . he wants to prove that his hair does not exactly has the colours of the rainbow .
susie will make muffins with the pumpkin puree from elizabeth's recipe . the recipe is for around 12 muffins . susie will bake them for her boyfriend .
annabelle ordered an uber for henry . mohammed will be at the station in 4 minutes .
matt wants luke to turn the heating down and bring him a cup of tea .
baron , lois and blake are having a video conference on friday at 10 am uk time . blake might be 15 minutes late . in the meantime lois and baron will have a moment for gossip .
the door number is 69 .
emily went for a date . it turned out he already had a family . emily never wants to see him again but is relieved that he told her .
stanley will let julia know if he and paulina will come to julia's place to eat some food and play some board games with them and arthur and conrad . julia has to know how much food she should prepare .
jenny is having a girls' meeting tonight . kevin can't come .
rick and morty may meet next week to watch the new season of the simpsons .
maya , tamara and joan don't like the new girl and decide to plot against her tomorrow .
kate has a theory that rose form titanic didn't want jack to join her on the piece of wood she was drifting on . judy doesn't care about the subject .
kate is lost . ines tells kate to go towards the blue boat . they will meet halfway .
ana spent time with henry today and is leaving now .
daniel allows patrick to submit his assignment during class time . patrick always submits his work late as he leaves home late . daniels points out that patrick has an ineffective morning routine and advises him to change it . patrick promises to never be late again .
leo will meet terry , lola and marina tomorrow at 8 . 45 .
mel will prepare a draft of a contract for john . gordon will talk with him about their offer of a 35 pay rise .
abram lives in maputo , the capital of mozambique .
veronica wants to buy the air humidifier . natalie bought one last year and she sleeps well when it's on .
uri will go with tamar and his friends to kuli alma .
sebastian is very busy today so he can meet craig next weekend .
louise is going to drive martina to their fitness class at 6 . louise will pick martina up at 5 40 at the parking near her office .
phill will give peter's friend a lift to the station tomorrow .
harry's daugther accidentally called joe . harry and joe haven't spoken since last year . joe will call harry if he can go for a burger with him on friday .
pilar reminds clarissa about the track work on the road and recommends her to choose another route .
ted got stuck near croydon . tony can't wait as his train leaves in 20 mins .
suzie gets off at 4pm . paul will pick her up .
sarah has been to dubai and she's back at work now . bella is in poland with the kids now , but they plan a weekend in lille next month . louis is in southern france . bella should come in the first week of february , but sarah will be away then .
john will call linda .
sally needs to take chris' car to go with mom to aunt ruby on friday afternoon . the trip is 30 km .
susy has just graduated . she also has a driving licence exam next month .
bernie forgot his lunch . mommy wants to fetch it for him . he wants to eat in the canteen instead . mommy doesn't want that bernie eats in the canteen . he refuses to take the lunch but she threatens to come to the classroom and hand it to him .
jack has a problem with an application and needs kev's help .
emanuel is having an appointment with the psychiatrist next week and with the psychologist a week later . damian is always available if he needs to talk and recommends a place on brown street .
lola has just left the subway and will meet jackie in 2 minutes .
zeke got kenya's number from marianne . zeke liked kenya's performance . kenya was very nervous during the performance .
the canadian who had been abducted on tuesday was killed near gorom gorom . the other canadians taking part in a humanitarian mission were seen in bobo dioulasso last time , but they disappeared close to the togo border . ouagadougou is quite safe but it's better not to travel outside the city .
mark is in cambodia .
mason is outside terry's place .
frank was trying to reach kelvin on the phone . he even stepped by his place . kevin will call him back as he was informed by perpetual about frank looking for him .
oscar printed a ticket for anna .
rose , helmut and mary have to clean up the place after the party . it's in the contract .
carson suspects that she has a thalassophobia .
there is a big traffic in france today .
it is raining but harriet will go for a walk regardless .
linn is looking for a lowell product for her mother at the shop . john asked for some m m's .
the restaurant didn't take dave and jen's reservation as it was made too late . there might be problems with other restaurants too as it's valentine's day . dave and jen decide to watch netflix and eat sushi instead .
jake made it home safely after the date with agnes . they will meet again tomorrow .
mark and terry are on the way to blake's place . there should be ample parking since it's a sunday .
lana broke up with michael .
carmen had to change her mobile number and e mail because of mike . lizzy will go with carmen to the police to show them his messages . carmen doesn't want to worry mike's mum as she's sick . lizzy reckons she should think about herself .
amelia only sleeps and smokes weed , but she wants to do something exciting and meaningful . she might come back to playing football , and when she breaks the bad habit , oscar will give her an interesting proposition .
pauline would like kevin to visit her and her cat .
samantha wants ava to water her palm while she's in london .
jackson share a theresa may meme .
regina finds a certain type of conversation with guys on tinder boring . nelson doesn't find them boring , but understands regina's point .
jacqueline left her jacket at trinity's house .
zack's guitar is broken . wilson will lend him one of his guitars so he can practice . zack will pick up the guitar after 7 p . m .
simon will recommend rachel in his company for the position of office worker .
stella sent ronnie her schedule .
marsha , jonas and lara are going to a pub . they are going to meet on the market square at 8 pm . jacob will join them at 8 30 . hannah and jeff cannot come .
mark is upset that the team he supports sold his favourite player . he thinks that it will not succeed without him .
the last time conrad smoked was 2 months ago .
kate is happy with her job . mike is happy for kate . kate has waited over 10 years to get the job .
gary changed the password to gmail account to emplingdoc2017gr1 .
the lawn should be mowed . kate will be there in an hour .
david , monica and nina will split the bills . david will divide the electricity bill differently , because he was gone for 2 weeks .
nancy has a test on friday . she is going to study together with maya tomorrow after school .
karen lost her phone and is on her way home .
filip has been busy recently . sean is not playing a lot . toughschmidt broke his phone . sean will go help his wife .
misha joined a course that jason , tatiana and maria attend . misha has a different accent .
jessica wants williams to join her at the villa's party in ibiza , so she will help her with the money .
oliver has a date today .
chloe and julia are going to meet for coffee on saturday at 11 . they need to find a place where chloe can take her dog with her .
ron will come over to mike's place for lunch at 1 .
liliana has a new job . she goes there on foot . she likes her boss . there is one girl that liliana can't talk with . it's because of her interests and lifestyle .
evra is working at a construction . one of the workers fell and injured himself , now the others are afraid and aren't coming to work . patrick will talk to a guy who can help evra find new workers .
dan was dumped by ellie . he and sebastian will talk about it tomorrow . sebastian's parrot died this morning .
jacob and leo wonder whether or not jacob shall get jan a health club membership for christmas .
jenny bought an avocado and she sent some recipes to olivia .
martha is picking up annie from the airport at 9 p . m . martha won't be back from chicago before wednesday . annie liked her trip to europe very much .
conrad recommends bose quietcomfort 35 headphones . the headphones are wireless . jerry is considering buying the headphones that conrad recommends .
andrea doesn't want to hang out with daniel .
sue was expecting aj at her place this morning . it's 2 . 30 p . m . now and aj's still not there . aj apologizes . aj promises to come to sue in an hour and to bring a cake .
ruth bought her bathers on the internet . she sent marina a link .
tim forgot to take the chicken out to defrost . jen will get something else at the store .
ceaser and antonio are going to take part in a fifa 19 tournament this weekend . antonio wants to start preparing right away .
sandro has flown recently .
mr . atkinson is in hospital . they suspect he had a heartstroke . violet will send flowers to the hospital on behalf of the whole team .
sandy's going by bus to visit her father in braga .
peter will come on friday at 6 40 . he will go by night , because there are no good connections . derren will pick peter up from the station and they will have a breakfast at home before derren leaves to work . the three of them will go to the exhibition on friday after 3 p . m .
linda has quit her job . she was harassed by her boss .
joanna , nancy and ben were woken up early by their moody kids .
today , it's solar eclipse . ian doesn't know what it is .
carl can't talk since he's in the theatre .
nathan , lore and ali are going to mary's party .
ray is disturbed by a hobo outside his front door refusing to leave .
mark's tests are going good so far . he will have one more test , from math . mark will get the exam results in mid july .
hannah and suzan had plans to go shopping together today .
marco and carlos are angry , because people living in venezuela are starving . most european airlines stopped flying to venezuela .
ellie is going to prague for two full days . andrew hasn't been to prague and can't suggest anything to see there .
sheldon finds the party a bit weird although kevin heard it was great .
lana and paul have been dating for half a year and now it is serious . paul has asked lana to move in with him . lana is confused but she loves paul . together , lana and paul could afford to rent out a bigger apartment .
daisy is looking for peanut butter , which is usually in the cupboard , but joel ate it . diane will buy more after work .
hailey invites peter for a house warming part on sunday evening . he's planning to get drunk .
tally is going to meet iggy at the smaller cafe . iggy will send tally a message when she leaves the office .
there's an opportunity for marie and victor to take over the room of kate and eric who're leaving on tuesday . marie and victor decide not to switch rooms .
dave was turning up the volume on his computer with his headset plugged in .
jay doesn't know what to buy mia for present . michelle suggested him a piece of jewellery . jay will buy a brooch .
ewan tells isabel he will be late for the party , because his car broke down . she gives him a number to a cab service she likes . ewan is glad and will be there soon .
robert picked up flowers for shauna's mom .
victor is happy about going on a date with jane soon . victor will let finn know how it goes .
dan has lost his driver's license . rebecca found it on his night table .
mark enjoys remy's joke can't die , gloomhaven soon .
alex will do the shopping before he gets home .
diana voss has just landed in frankfurt and will be arriving in the evening . ms . hobbs will turn the heating on in her apartment .
caroline and hannah will go shopping for christmas gifts on sunday .
emily is still in hong kong . logan and miriam would like to visit emily . emily offered to host logan and miriam .
ann , lee and max are attending kate's wedding . they will give her money as a present .
jess picked up her dress , but lona's was sent to another shop , and morgan's will be ready on time at the same place as at the collection she got a wrong size .
neither bruno nor thomas know how to do the math homework .
victoria is at the door . christine is coming to let her in .
rick is moving to a new place uptown . he will organize a housewarming party . marta will come .
peter , raphael and brian will go to the gym tommorow around 11 . they will start with cardio and then heavier things .
matthew won't drink alcohol because he's driving . he is waiting for paul to come down .
ann and andrew can't connect the new lapton to the internet . it requests a wpa2 . sean helps them and sends a photo . ann and andrew reset the router and the laptop , they type the second password and it works .
david wants to go to the us , but he's afraid of flying . may tells him about her journey to japan . she gives david some tips how to survive a long flight .
eve and dylan had a discussion last night . dylan decides he 'll start a psychotherapy .
the shortcut for program closing is alt f4 . mike has sent alice a cheat sheet with other helpful shortcuts .
spencer and zara need time to relax . they have been busy with work and preparing christmas .
adam is sick and won't be able to exercise with eric today .
greg and louise are having chinese takeout .
susan and maya want to organize new year's eve party at bob's house . maya created an event on facebook and invited others .
alex is going to visit his parents in chesterfield this weekend . alexandra is going to ikea tomorrow .
michal did not have time to paint miniature for artur . marcin will let him know about it .
ken and barb will have fish and chips at the pier tonight .
darrell and frannie are in love with each other . darrell seems surprised that frannie loves him , even though he is overweight and is not too handsome .
natalie's son will start teething soon .
hubert and morton are going to train today . nelson cannot join , because his muscles got sore after the last training . hubert is poking fun at nelson .
alice needs shortcuts for closing programs and copying . mike sends a cheat sheet .
vivian wants to collect various items for homeless people before christmas . ruth , george and jack will contribute with whatever they find relevant . ruth will convince some more people .
anne is dating some dude . nadia found out from jason he dated anne and some other girl called alexis at the same time . he liked alexis better but she refused him . anne is furious but promises to act as she didn't know anything .
tanya will get her inokimz3 electric scooter delivered home tomorrow between 6 10pm and she should pay 21 . 40 , which includes the delivery fee .
ryan is seeing a girl . neomi isn't fond of her . ryan will spend two months in london .
timothy lent brad 50 two months ago . brad was supposed to give it back in a month . timothy has already reminded him twice . brad promises to give it back in a week .
marie is in bologna , and she finds the local men very hot .
timothy and simon are supposed to meet at 9 pm .
anna explains megan , becky and amy what they should bring to school this week . they will pick their kids up by the studio exit and are supposed to give 1 . 50 to the reception for the charity .
brian's birthday party was great . everyone has returned home safely .
jill is bored in her government class .
steve asks castro about the world's best rugby team as he wants to try his luck in betting . castro names chile .
joyce will not bring anything for fernanda and henry from the uk .
barb needs a new jacket for a presentation . gina suggests looking at ulla popken , where she bought some slacks recently . barb doesn't want to buy a jacket online . gina says barb can buy it at mercado .
mike and paul are going to castle hill in the center . mike will lend paul his bus fare .
greg is gong to the university of bristol . gina knew he would do it . emma is proud .
felix hopes it won't escalate into a war . gemma's not surprised .
ryan is disappointed about the first game of the season . ryan believes the team may still be tired after the training camp and they still have 37 games to get better .
bill had the most injuries because he was driving the car . he will let natasha know when he needs anything .
bruno , kate , caren and tom are going on a sailing trip . kate proposes that tom organizes it , as he's the most experience . they are thinking about the mediterranean or the caribbeans as their destination . bruno has a wedding coming up . kate will ask tom about the estimated cost of the trip .
john and esther are going on vacation in february .
emily and claudia don't want to buy a tv anymore .
frank lost a book . it's probably still somewhere in his room .
this weekend there is a finale in abu dhabi . kubica will be back on the formula 1 next season .
danielle and brooke will pick up kristen .
anita invites eric for dinner at juan's parents' place . eric is happy to come and will meet anita there for 8 . anita will send him details .
evie will ship stuff to her mum tomorrow . she's preparing for holidays . bill feels down . he has a lot of work . brad has back spasms and he's taking medicine for that .
bella bought a ticket for 26 december to go to her parents' . it cost 80 pounds , with luggage .
joseph and sienna are concerned about their dad's health . they want to call doctor phillips and ask him to drive over and talk to dad .
caroline will meet kate at her place after kate's classes . kate has send her directions .
pauline and catherine find the article about abortion appalling so they want to go to any new protests they could join .
sam has an iphone charger . freddie's battery is dying , so he will come to sam's office for the charger .
emily is looking for a creative hobby to replace baking .
she is riding a bike well for someone aged three .
sharol will pick up mary from university , because someone has hit her car when it was parked , and now she can't start it .
andrea , nathan and paul will meet at harvey's at 9 pm and probably will go somewhere else . beth has a dinner with her parents so will join them later .
conny is asking jo if she can come for a short swim . jo does not see the need to ask that .
bill is stuck in a traffic jam and running out of gas . helen is waiting for him .
mario doesn't want to go to sue s birthday .
jacqui is riding a bus . she is anxious about a stranger passenger . she will text charles when she reaches home .
becky had a busy weekend and studied for her exam that is tomorrow at 7am .
for tomorrow classes mollie and peter need to read an article that they have on their email and prepare a speech or presentation . peter is not connected with the team email . mollie gives peter the password .
ginny's waiting inside for thea . thea looks sweet .
ula has a client who is pregnant , but she wants to keep on doing sport . dorothy will send ula some links with exercises for pregnant women .
tess has a fever . she should put a cold wet towel on her forehead to feel better .
will and beth will go to the swimming pool .
mark , louis and nathan will go bowling at 9 pm tomorrow .
chad met linda at the party and really liked her but she hasn't accepted his friend request . leanne will try to get chad her phone number so he can ask her out .
ronald will throw away the garbage .
wanda invited gerhard from work for a dinner . they went out on a few dates . he is german and a neurosurgeon in the hospital . mom suggests cooking some stuffed cabbage for him .
kori needs a car , because she has a doctor's appointment at 7 am . leandro will take the train to work today .
jude has tried online dating but didn't find anyone he would like . he showed robin one dating website . robin made a profile on this website . she will answer the personality test questions .
deidre has a crush on oliver .
zachary managed to get the stamp he needed for discounts . however , he will have to return to the dean's office next week to solve other issues . office hours are inadequate for working students , queuing is badly organised and takes a lot of time .
chloe needs daniel to ask ethan to bring back her guitar at the earliest .
anna offers isabella , who's free on summer holidays , a data entry work . isabella accepts . she has to do 6 excel sheets , she'll get 10 per sheet . they're due in 48 hours .
megan and anne didn't talk to each other yesterday during the exhibition . anne works for 10 12 hours a day , and she's very tired .
william will buy some dry red wine for kate . he will be there in 20 minutes .
claire frequently serves frozen pizza for dinner .
lorraine and phoebe's show is no longer performed in a city theatre . lorraine found a different performance that they might like . it is called longer than enough and is about a man with schizophrenia who tries to operate his own business . the tickets cost the same price as for the previous one .
mike and adam are going to meet with their friends . mike and adam both don't like amanda , ken's girlfriend .
brain will visit fred in 2 weeks . the kids will stay with his mother in law .
lia is angry at adam for teasing tom .
the dean had a heart attack and died . a pedestrian tried to save him , but the ambulance came too late . adam and frank are attending the funeral on sunday .
joan is going to the cinema this weekend to see bohemian rhapsody .
rowan is joining jo for lunch tommorow at 1 pm at the pret next to the bl .
joy's going surfing today at 2 pm and elvis'll join him .
gemma will make a set of crochet coasters for the head . some people will bring wine , greg will bring flowers .
harry , anne , tom , edward and william are going to collect 20 each for mia's present .
judith did some crazy things with her boss when she was drunk at the party yesterday . adam took a photo and video of it .
amanda bought a dress . leticia doesn't like the way it looks on amanda . she will return it .
rapunzel syndrome is one of the medical conditions named after disney characters .
johnny will make it home from work for 5 instead of 5 . 30 as amber made his favourite food .
julia , aaron , sarah and victor will go to hermosa tomorrow at 3 p . m .
madison got home safe .
alicia is sending a photo to eddie and finds its content nice on the inside .
harper invites sean and joe to try the pad thai he's making .
jacob had a car accident . aaron will be there in 20 minutes to take jacob to see a doctor at the hospital .
karl has a new girlfriend . leo will introduce his girlfriend tonight .
mike will collect laundry from kim's laundry at jane's request . he doesn't have to pay .
charlotte is in thailand from 5th december until 5th of january . ben wants to stay away from his family on christmas , because his parents are getting a divorce . he wants to stay in antwerp for christmas .
ben has just landed back in town , is at the office now and will be back home around 6 00 or 7 00 . nora will order indian food for him from the new restaurant at the corner .
katie went to a party for the first time .
elise fired her nanny yesterday . she will meet agatha for coffee tomorrow morning to discuss the issue . agatha has a meeting at 11 . 30 .
carl and olivia are critical of brexit . olivia believes she should emigrate and carl wishes he could do that .
jessica is angry at robert because he told kathy that lucy was pregnant . robert feels bad as he did not know it was a secret .
mike teaches marcia how to take a selfie on her phone .
helen's found an all inclusive holiday offer to alua hawaii mallorca suites between 23 and 30 march . philippa likes the other offer even more .
cathy , fiona and isma will pick ismael up with their bikes at 10 . 30 . they will go to the park for a ride at 11 with dave and rose , and after that for lunch and beer at dory's .
marla , kyle and brad are going to walmart in a few minutes .
francois , isa , olive , xavier and stef will go on a short trip to marroco in january . olive has booked a riad for them in the mamounia .
rowing group is collecting money for their uniforms at the party . jeff and tommy do not want to support it .
ellie is staying in helsinki till friday . ellie would like to visit the arctic circle too , but it is a bit expensive . sam convinces ellie to use the opportunity .
jane and james will go together to the concert . they will meet at manchester's train station at 3 p . m . james takes other two girls . kate will be at the concert at 8 p . m .
dan has to prepare an essay and he is thinking if not leaving everything and where it would be better to live .
yaz was on holiday in cornwall and she's slightly afraid of coming back to the club after treating herself on holidays .
samantha sends jonas a link with a dress she's buying for sara's wedding . he has mixed feelings .
mary is about to see the doctor about her allergy shots . she has problems with swallowing after the shots . larry has an appointment with a chiropractor as his back hurts .
tom will inform kelly about his arrival as soon as possible .
donny got engaged to martha . they will visit marc this friday .
kenna saw jacob paulson on campus at the bowl . he probably came from ottawa with a visit .
bennett , josie and randolph are planning to go to the hoops game on friday .
last sat the lesson was cancelled . tina was in the country , meg was supposed to go to a wedding that was cancelled only 1 . 5 weeks in advance . the girl learned some facts about the groom and decided not to marry . meg was available , but didn't want to make mess with the lesson . tina wants to pay meg .
there is a problem with too much smog at the airport's starting lane . because of the weather , both ben's and alex's flights are delayed .
ray sent the political quiz on jay's request .
til needs danny to collect her from work because she's sick .
zara and cali will meet at paparazzi for drinks at 8 o'clock tonight .
mike is designing for jay's friend and finishing his previous project . jay and josh will probably see mike next tuesday . jay will confirm later on this week .
peggie is sending hettie birthday wishes . peggie's daughter gave birth to twins in march and her son moved to derry . her neighbour passed away two months ago . hettie will be probably moving house soon in the area close to the grampians , which is where she always wanted to live .
zoe is sending frank a video and he wishes her a good day .
andy has left the fridge door open at ella's request . ella gave andy butter . in the mail , ella received 2 medical bills , a parcel with a book inside , junk mail and newspapers . ella asks andy to throw the junk mail and newspapers away .
the plaited dresses that lisa ordered last week were shipped today .
alice wants rob to go to a store after he's finished work to look for a mirror like the one they had in the hall as it broke .
jane has an exam , so she cannot watch a movie with mike .
kaya can't solve a puzzle and is looking for help from tatum's brother . tatum and his brother can't help kaya .
cris is studying for exams after midnight . poppy is planning to go to alex's birthday party . cris is going to her cousin's party instead .
christine would like to volunteer at the food bank where donna volunteer . they will meet there on wednesday at 7pm .
ruby has been doing great in the game but is stuck at level 1780 now . he plays it a lot .
bunny forgot to stock up the office supplies . two people couldn't come to work . bunny is going to check on elderly jim on their way .
mum reminds sarah to take an umbrella .
alan can't join james and mike for a game because he is studying .
adam travels to that city very often . it is a great city , barbers and shops are cheap , and his girlfriend's mom cooks for him .
isa will join daniel and his friends for tapas at la caleta . isa will be there around 5 . 15 .
alex , eric and kathy are meeting tonight at the pub around 8 . kathy may be late and she'll let them know .
tom will probably see an exhibition from david hockney if he has time .
parker and powell need to wear specific clothes for the engagement party .
tom's appointment with pauline is rescheduled from 6 30 to 7 00 .
gabi knows a bit of hebrew , though her writing isn't great . she will try to help ollie translate a letter .
marcia and blake will go to phedora's concert on friday night .
mia has back pain . she's too busy at the office to go for a short walk . she considers having a massage .
jake has no money . he wants to buy a gift for cathy . tom will lend 50 to jake .
fran is waiting for marie inside . she is coming .
dakota quite liked 50 shades of grey . stephanie is never gonna watch it .
agnes wants lucas to take care of her cat . lucas can't as he is attending a bachelor party at the weekend .
ivan is afraid he will be in trouble because charlotte bought drugs from bill at the party and she overdosed . ivan and ted took her to hospital , and they called her parents . the police was there and said they'll investigate it further . ivan is ready to testify against bill .
caro is staying in warsaw for the weekend , steph maybe will visit her parents , and yvette doesn't have any plans .
luke has lost his headphones .
donna and amanda took part in a race . they will do it again next year . donations are appreciated .
jade and oliver will meet at nostrand avenue subway station at 1 15 pm .
gaby had a busy week .
janet is thinking about working from home after maternity leave . with nancy , abi and kelly , they discuss various pros and cons of telecommuting .
louisa and patricia agree that rick is very nice and cute . daniela thinks he is old fashioned and boring .
randy is interested in buying a stroller from todd . randy will come to see it tomorrow , and it will be possible to negotiate the price during the meeting .
mick charges pete 165 for the work on mick's car . mick will pick it up around 4 .
andrew and marc will meet at the gym at 3pm . brian won't come as he's sick today .
maja shares a video with jacek and przemek . it's a video of their favourite youtuber .
foster couldn't be there for ben . ben understands .
bonny has seen sabrina trailers . lisa must be early at work tomorrow and brian has an early flight . lisa and bonny want to watch sabrina and have pizza tomorrow at 6 at bonny's . lisa will bring red wine .
lily has lost 10lb but her mom , instead of being supportive and celebrating , awaits another 20lb . kelly's dad acts similar .
robbie is leaving tomorrow , he is driving . theo is giving him the forecast . it's going to be 10 degrees below zero , windy and sunny . robbie is coming back on monday .
peter is not going to the office today . jeff and tom are inefficient when they work at home .
mathéo and yuri like the new samsung 10 . it takes good pictures . mathéo wants to replace his samsung 9 with it . yuri is not planning on changing his phone .
natalia doesn't feel like going to the pub today . she will go to the cinema with moris instead . they'll meet at 8 30 at the cinematos .
collins had an audition for the role of scout . benny makes fun of him .
angela and sean are discussing what could be the reason frank seemed unhappy coming out of the boss's office .
jesus and ricardo can dance salsa . peter was at tje latino club last night . he found it enjoyable .
jake forgot to get a valentine's day gift for emily .
agatha rectifies the information given by rob that everyone who took a sick leave won't get a yearly bonus . in fact , the sick leave cannot exceed 21 days .
josh has many business trips and he has been to the us twice this week . he comes back on thursday .
roger needs to buy a gift for his mum . she's a different type of woman , rides a big bike and likes fixing cars . roger might buy her a cookbook .
jane has an exam tomorrow . she can have a girls night out with kate tomorrow .
kim , laura and bruno are going for a trip tomorrow . they are leaving at 7 30 so they can get there before 12 00 . bruno is still at work . kim is packing .
will is going to come to emma's engagement ceremony .
mark invites lucy to join him and 3 other people for a trip to tatra mountains . the group is going by car on friday afternoon . they will probably spend friday night in cracow and then head off to the mountains . they will come back on monday .
ian and clarisse will talk tonight about their plans for the long weekend .
ria is coming to summer's tomorrow after lunch to bake cookies with her gran
katia is contacting some old friends to find out how they are .
carl and becky went to bliss last week and ordered two plates of aubergine with garlic . carl wants to cook it for sunday dinner . he googled the recipe .
lena received mike's number from claire . lena wants to buy her daughter a welsh pony . mike suggests that the horse should be thoroughly examined by a vet first .
oliver misses adrianna after he had to move , but adrianna convinces him that they will see each other soon .
jared and gabi are having fun .
bo hasn't filled the form yet . jenny's father is waiting .
eve will come and help dylan with excel in an hour or so .
oscar got sick and wasn't answering rose's calls . he has to see a doctor , as he has no meds at home .
diane informs lola that if she wants to enter she must use the upper lock anticlockwise .
lucia is changing the job and needs to have her hair cut even though she had it done a week ago . she'll go to eric to his beauty salon on friday at 3 p . m .
miley is planning to open an online shop with her art .
will and jane want to meet on saturday to work on a project that is due next friday . will can't get in touch with sam as he has deleted his facebook profile . jane can call sam about the meeting .
pete and sylve are coming to dad's place at 11 . rachel decides to change her plans for meeting them and drive over to dad to see them there after 12 . rachel will go shopping on the way home .
micah is having problems with getting his monthly tram ticket . micah will buy it on thursday near cole's house after his visit .
kim moved to a new place . she discusses transport options with mom . kim is supposed to get her schedule from school tomorrow . april comes to help kim organize things .
melania trump is a trophy wife and a bad example for girls . ocasio cortez is an exemplary female politician . the obama foundation needs money , as they all do , but might be better than the clinton foundation .
greg is on vacation , but the packet with the pain points sheet for the new erp system will be sent in today's interoffice . once it arrives , grace should proceed with the accounting matters .
laura is excited about changing her job . she will work for a media group .
lilly has bought a dress for the homecoming .
jack forgot a beer with matt and he'll stay with luise .
maya's got a dog called tammi . seren reckons she's lovely .
alexander doesn't have hot water . bart , alexander's neighbour , tells him to call the maintenance team .
carol wants the samples immediately .
joseph is starting the holidays . it's hot in london as well .
gery wants to go to wishful acres brewery this weekend but chris can't go because of work this week .
tim has returned from trekking and thanks bart for pics he sent him from bulgaria . tim is going to canada tomorrow but they they will be in touch next time tim is close to wroclaw .
judy wants to do something crazy . liam and tamar exchange ideas .
sherrie wants hank to leave a parcel for her with her neighbour , sandra white , at number 14 , around 1 pm .
jenny will celebrate her finished translation with jerome .
melissa is quitting her french course . her father is unemployed and she has to look for an evening job . louis will ask his parents for vacancies at their companies .
terry wants to have some pizza , but jim and kate have already eaten one .
george will be late because of the congestion on the road in austria . there is a lot of snow everywhere . he is close to kufstein now . maria will leave a dinner for george .
will works in a coffee house today , because when he stays at home he can't focus . jenny and grace are working in the office .
tom found a photo of his awarded grandpa who died in vietnam and wants to use it for the family history project .
donald will drop by adam's place later to pick up his copy of delgado's book .
dara has a rash . ria took her to the doctor . there were three children waiting , nonetheless they were called in before their scheduled appointment time . the doctor gave them some cream .
todd's already gone home .
the meeting is at 9 pm at green cafe nero .
sophie's bachelorette party is in a month . they have booked the club . charlotte will create a fb group for all the invitees and organizers and they will brainstorm there .
yuri wants to quit gaming and focus more on work so he refuses to try red dead redemption 2 .
sylvia is not fond of arbonne cosmetics direct selling because she prefers to touch and see the product before she buys it .
paulina and alicja are planning the new year's eve . filip has to work , so they have to stay there . they will spend the evening together .
brenda fell in the bathroom and badly hit her site . she is now in bed with a lot of pains . she can't take a deep breath . her brother , andy , is afraid she damaged something inside her body and tells her to watch it . he wants her to call him in the morning to report how she feels .
tommy likes sheila and he wonders if stanley is hitting on her . elsie thinks sheila likes tommy too . tommy is going to ask sheila out .
kirk is really into sandra . he asked her out but she refused .
julian works as a security guard on nights and weekend and is going to manchester tonight . julian will sleep in the weekend . emma will study . emma's dad's birthday is tomorrow and she will make a banana fudge cake for the occasion .
pamela's dad had to explain to the police that he is not a part of jack's swindle . jack is his employee who had been previously imprisoned for fraud .
neevah wants to borrow issac dslr camera this week for a family function . neevah gave her camera to ethan . she is unable to call him because his number is closed . neevah's younger brother will pick up the camera from issac in an hour .
stephen didn't ask liz out because he thinks she doesn't like him so much . paul thinks she does .
jon will probably go with aunt shayla on the 20th dec . dad wants jon to book the flights asap . jon won't be bringing shyann as she is going to her parents for christmas .
tony and carol are sometimes too loud at the office .
it's gina's birthday . she's travelling to jamaica today .
charity advises teresa to wear red lipstick for the gala .
lars is busy and can't talk with derek .
this year jody is volunteering for the make a wish foundation , which helps sick children fulfil their dreams .
francis and lara are against cheating as they can manage to learn material from two chapters .
renata , vera , oscar and charlie are procrastinating instead of writing their ba theses .
tonya , melissa , chloe , and tony are gossiping about trevor . melissa finds trevor hot . chloe remembers trevor is bisexual . tonya doesn't think love is about sex .
zoe is trying to connect to wifi .
andrea switched on the heating . peter is surprised .
lizzy had a car crash last friday after her meeting with mandy and jane . she broke an arm and a leg , and she's in hospital . mandy and jane will visit her today . they'll bring some gifts .
maya will call to find out if the classes take place this week .
sara's blonde and she thinks that people don't take her seriously because of that . she wants to paint her hair black for a change this time .
wayne and fiona don't need milk . fiona wants some wine .
james is not satisfied with his spanish lessons . sophia recommends a website on which he can find native speakers and converse with them online . james will have a look .
the team is playing very bad . bill stopped watching after the first half , lucy is still watching .
kyle sent scott a gift on his birthday via dhl . kyle was dismissed from his previous work , but he has a new job already .
mrs richardson is leaving bradly high next month .
bridgette feels ill and is throwing up . the condition might last 3 4 days . bridgette also got her period .
sarah is pregnant .
kimi and jess are going to the beach tomorrow . they will meet at gare d'antibes at 14 00 .
jessica and rachel will go to the movies with samantha and jonny tonight at about 8 .
charlotte has watched the new episode of the tv show .
s's dad is taking him to spain at christmas . chris has already booked a childminder and made plans so is angry about it . chris tried to talk to him with no success . kas is sorry for chris .
oliver , sid and victor saw him starting a fight in the cafeteria . mr . black came and dragged him out .
there is a puppy at the property and smith wants kowalsky to notify the authorities about it .
hillary needn't have waited for the other package , because there was only one coming in .
paul is sure that arsenal will win the europa league this time . martin mocks paul as the team martin supports plays in champions league . paul is irritated . martin ends the quarrel by suggesting to wait and see what happens .
someone stole teddy's bike . he's had 3 bikes stolen since he moved to cambridge .
leo and padre are exchanging greetings and christmas wishes .
kevin booked a flight . he will meet the king whom he already had met twice .
tony will come over for dinner tonight .
joe and mia are going to thailand in october . joe booked a hostel in bangkok . mia hates the idea of living in a hostel . they are going to talk about it tonight .
they indulge in politically incorrect jokes about the cems students , who are socially awkward , and indians .
leo fed spot and took him for a walk . leo is worried about spot as he saw some red spots on his ears . donna has made a vet's appointment on wednesday with mr jensen . leo doesn't like him but they had no choice at such short notice .
rachel and natasha will meet at a party tonight .
jason likes the shoes that alex bought today .
helen went to london to meet with some friends from spain . one of them had 40th birthday , so her boyfriend prepared a surprise trip . macy is about to reserve a table in a restaurant .
brigitte and connie are going to move a heavy stone from brigitte's garden to rita's new flat . connie will come to brigitte's house after 10 am .
albert and leo are going to a stand up show they saw on facebook .
nina is angry at finn because he kept her waiting . finn had a phone call with jacob . finn and nina will talk when they meet . nina will return finn's jacket .
dinner will be at 6 .
regis is shocked because someone lied to him . harold is not .
willy compares a dub step song he got from fred to robots having sex and makes fred laugh .
gemma invited tucker to go to a new italian restaurant .
there is no homework for tomorrow .
kenneth is taking a self defense class . he will email paul more info and paul will let him know later this week if he will join him .
mel is unsure about going on her ex's wedding . becky supports her . mel will let her know by the weekend .
mario and esther wonder how their uncle is doing .
rick has prepared his telescope for the lunar eclipse . kate will come over at 7 so they can eat before .
steve has forgotten that tomorrow is a public holiday . jonathan suggests steve's judgement is temporarily impaired . steve took some tequila on his way home .
dan will visit ellie at 2 tomorrow to play on her new xbox .
ben , mark and alice will meet at 8 .
jeff is going for an exchange to gwynedd in wales this year . a friend of james was there and he really liked it .
kaleigh sent it and is waiting for feedback .
gemma , jennifer , claire and tracy love beth's new nails from ali nail art .
sam and jeremy's flight is tomorrow at 9 25 am . sam's suitcase is 56x36x21 cm in size .
brenda is planning to throw a surprise party for her brother . his girlfriend aida will take care of inviting the guests . they will share the credit for organizing the party .
pauline and stanley are going to the movies tonight . she is excited about eating popcorn , while stanley loves nachos with cheese sauce .
harold will bring beers for aaron and andrew in 5 minutes .
roy and gavin will go to the concert of the new band they listen to .
70 people were killed in paris . sarah lives in paris . thomas went on a trip to normandy .
steve , paul and luke have all seen the film 'clergy' . it was not as shocking as they'd thought .
james is thinking about buying a small , fair brown puppy . lily will help him to choose . they are going to meet tomorrow at 10 o'clock to drink coffee and talk about details .
dana had a failed ivf and doesn't want to talk to anyone , she is depressed . dana's sister is pregnant again . cristina said it was dana and harry's third , and last attempt . beth said that it's especially hard for dana since she's a control freak .
hanna's mobile is not in perfect state and she wants a new one .
jan cheated on maria with ava .
graham is doing good .
karen has lots to do . she doesn't have time for watching riverdale series , so she's in the middle of the last season .
jada just saw her ex boyfriend . she wants to go on a diet .
robert will meet paula in new york on wednesday the 7th , at 5 pm . paula will be staying at intercontinental times square and robert will send a car for her .
mark is an idiot .
henry is down . dick and carl cheer him up .
rachel left the key under the flowerpot . she told james to keep it .
sam will borrow guy the witcher books .
the skating rink hours have been posted on facebook . hannah is going to the gym tomorrow afternoon and has classes on friday so she can't skate then . she will skate with daniel on saturday .
dominic and brian are going to meet later than planned because dominic has to do overtime at work .
margot and adele are strongly annoyed by nel's activity on facebook .
teddy has received a gift card from mike .
victoria can't go to a ballet with scarlet as she's having a dinner with peter's friends . victoria will probably talk to peter about his behavior . scarlet doesn't want her to give up easily but just be clear .
riley has found the dress adie wants at another store where it's on sale . it costs 350 , which is half of the original price . riley will buy it for adie . adie wears medium size .
linh has just returned from the festival in san sebastian , where she was interpreting for chinese celebrities . she even appeared on chinese tv . juan got a new bike which he's fond of .
robert won't teach anita's old student swedish , because he has no time . anita will ask percy if he could .
ollie and kyle are angry , because their team lost the match .
austin made his first slow cooker dish . ruth and hailey joke about too much soy sauce added .
thomas , fred and lee are playing football at the bottom of the street near bella's place . fred and thomas have trouble answering their phones . bella will send fred home by 6 and will text richard , when fred is setting off .
roberta is going to a protest . paloma also wanted to go so she will join roberta and some friends at roberta's place in half an hour . ellen is too tired and will stay home .
arlo and jack sold some youngsters the car 2 weeks ago .
betsy wants to buy a birthday present for liz .
isabella has changed her hair color . evan likes it .
eric is starving . he's waiting outside because ava is in the bathroom and cannot open the door . ava has bread and peanut butter .
peter and john will try out the house of yes tonight . the club is near peter's place and the entrance costs between 20 and 25 .
susie is taking a break in 5 after she's done with the report . ellen wants to get some coffee with susie .
jerry wants to borrow a bicycle for a weekend for his cousin . charlotte and amanda offer their bikes . jerry will take amanda's .
eva is chilling while kevin has a lot of work to do .
rushanara will arrive at 21 20 . mirco will pick her up from the station .
morgan is leaving for work at a library . she starts at noon and she likes the job .
grant and sue are unhappy about the president . sue also learned form a news article that romaine lettuce is bad for your health .
barbie got an a in biology .
cleo will start watching suits on their recommendation .
bethany loves the song sent by hannah . olivia reminds to pack a toothbrush .
penny is seeing someone else . leonardo thought they were a couple but penny didn't . next time leonardo will ask penny questions instead of assuming things .
it takes up to 25 minutes to cook brown rice and 10 to cook white rice . for her meal , maryann will have some rice with vegetables and a scrambled egg .
violet is tired of tom's laziness but still loves him . tom has decided not to do some of his chores .
rita is having test in english grammar tomorrow .
both james and mike are tired after the trip . they agree to stay in and meet tomorrow .
henry will borrow the book when andrew is done reading .
amy's brother hasn't returned the car yet , so amy and bob are worried that something bad happened to him . bob will give amy a ride to school in one hour .
mason and victor are meeting tomorrow at 5 .
franklin did 4 bungee jumps 2 years ago . jessie doesn't do crazy things .
corinne will meet ethan at his place at 9 pm today and they will wait for charlie to join . benny and george might also come over . corinne will buy the glasses this afternoon at ikea .
team_v wants katia to join their organisation which sells jewellery to raise awareness regarding animal agriculture . katia is interested in being a brand representative for team_v . team_v will send katia more information .
harry will be late half an hour for the meeting with gina .
george shares some funny stuff with pete and matt . he was just checking something in a dictionary .
the storm is so bad that the trees are down and the transfer is impossible . it should last 3 days so dave still plans to visit harris next week .
bernard tells kitty about his laundry routine .
mike's going to get some eggs , bread , fruit and juice on his way home . orange juice is sam's favourite .
paul will not accompany owen to the phil collins concert .
tori went for a date . she didn't like it , because she found the guy boring . she's going to meet with katie this weekend .
sara picked something she considers nicer than the other options . lydia doesn't agree .
kinsley's neighbors are causing a disturbance at night .
ruby wants to borrow joy's suitcase for the next week . joy can't lend it , because she needs it then .
ted will see jack at the gym .
sina will come to john's presentation tomorrow . george won't be there , as he's flying to vienna .
jo is a bit overwhelmed with planning the wedding . finn will take over some of the stuff for a while .
erik's car broke down and chris helped him to tow it to the parking lot . the car's 13 or 14 years old and rory claims that fixing it may be more expensive than a new car . rory agrees to come and see the car on sunday anyway .
tracy , bob and dominic came back from madagascar last monday . marsha , impressed by their insta stories , wants to visit madagascar too .
eric got his medical test results . he needs to be hospitalized immediately because of extreme levels of uric acid .
tom needs two days off because he's going to manchester to see a football game . andrew is angry because he wanted to take a few days off at the same time . he has an important exam and he needs to go home .
melinda wants cathy and lewis to meet her and her husband for dinner on thursday night . the two couples had met at jack's birthday party , where melinda's husband was wearing a superman shirt and she was always correcting him . lewis doesn't want to meet them and prefers dinner with cathy only .
adam isn't on tour this time , he taught a bit here and there . jenna's taking part in a competition with her friends and she has to get the score . there's rachmaninov , poulenc , whitacre and zielenski .
dorothy and caroline are gossiping about george and jane splitting up . george looked through jane's messages . they have been together for 7 years .
gavin and trinity went out for a beer today .
terry and jody will go to orly . jody will drive only up to a certain point , he is afraid to drive in the city . terry will take over from him when they reach the city . terry has never caused a car accident .
emily enjoyed a book that she got from martha . martha loves it too and thinks the author's a genius .
henry has to cancel his meeting with libby as he has the flu .
madeline won a few hundred euros at eurojackpot . she and ava will eat at an elegant restaurant at 6 to celebrate it .
matt will join toby to play diablo . matt got to 34 level . toby switched to master difficulty .
eugene is choosing a christmas tree , amber is helping with that over the messenger .
mike didn't find any good photos . scott will check if he has any . mike is angry with dan . dan hasn't visited mike since mike moved in . mike will see scott on wednesday .
philip is hitting on mary . she is confused . when he sends her an improper photo , she leaves the conversation .
kate is looking into organising a trip in the weekend of the bachelor's party . july is not possible so she will check early august .
erik and sam are going for a drink and to the cinema on saturday , they will invite troy and james as well . sam will bring the book for erik .
tim and joe wish happy new year to each other and hope it will be better than 2018 .
maria has met a guy shorter than her .
eva needs to buy a couple of things but she's not sure what she really likes . kim suggests going through some magazines . kim , eva and beth will go shopping together .
sandra and greg won't meet today as greg needs to get up early tomorrow , so they'll meet on thursday instead .
kim has reminded frank about black friday . she has switched to using playstation .
jackie is getting married . marisol , carlita and eunica are excited . carlita is in canada in june . eunica doesn't like weddings but she will come .
george is explaining to bart how he can use his mobile instead of a paper ticket to get on a plane .
jo wanted to buy a silky blouse , but jane already ordered clothes yesterday . jo will borrow jane's grey suit for this weekend , she'll try it on tomorrow .
marilyn needs sad and moving music for her presentation with photos of shelter dogs , she has taken . marylin hopes more dogs will get adopted this way . annabel already has a dog and can't adopt another . suzy and annabel send marilyn links to sad songs .
pamela asks karin to tell sam to check her phone .
abigail recommends natalie the book she is currently reading . natalie expresses interest in the subject .
there are no updates from hotel on maledives . jane does not expect to get any update before 2 3 jan . sue and jane applied for a job at the hotel , they will have less than 2 weeks to prepare if they get accepted .
henry is shopping for a shirt and asks grace for advice . she likes the pink shirt more than the green one . grace has a dance class in 10 minutes .
rory is looking for a swedish speaking translator for a website . he will email jon the details tomorrow morning .
nicole is on her way . she needs to hurry up , as the film is going to start soon .
tim is misspelling payne's name . he calls payne pain . tim says he wants relief .
michelle graduated today . she will celebrate after sorting out some issues with her apartment .
carrie went to blues dance class during the weekend .
andrea's collecting money for leslie's birthday present . she's going to buy her a book collection . keith will fight leslie as part of the party only if he knows the plan .
anne had a nice day . after school , she went out with mary and theresa to a coffee shop . jason is busy and doesn't want to talk to anne .
martha and joshua love each other .
maria and tobias have to go to ben's party next week to avoid problems with him .
there has been an accident at the crossing near the school but nobody got hurt . curtis and brian think something should be done about it .
sarah will pick up amy today instead of martin . he's picking her up tomorrow .
jennifer loves this cover . alexandra finds it a bit strange .
wendy has serious liver cancer . wendy started feeling bad in september last year . she's in the hospital now and is not in pain . she has a few weeks to live . many people help carl and wendy in this situation . kevin and bernadette will visit wendy tomorrow
miranda enjoyed watching green book and that was the only oscar movie she saw . philip does not watch the oscars and miranda never watches it , only some higlights later . philip and miranda will go to see bohemian rhapsody on friday night . on saturday miranda goes to the wedding .
wolf and dias are going to spend 3 nights at an accommodation which is nice , cheap and includes free airport transfer .
susan and angie are meeting around 7 15 . they will go to the pacific bar then watch a movie .
alex dislikes his boss' new lamp and finds her style ugly . mary saw alex's boss on tv and she criticizes her make up as well as her hair color .
air quality in this town is bad .
marie doesn't like him because his smile is weird . tawny claims that marie's behaviour is stupid .
danny stayed at leon's place casa leo in cuba . both wrote positive reviews of the stay on airbnb . in trinidad danny decided to stay in las cuevas , a state run hotel . it was comfortable , but a bit expensive .
a new got trailer just came out today . abbott is at work . it will be a few months before got is released .
jenny is not sure whether to go out with a boy she is texting all the time . jasmine tells her to do it .
john wants to collect his bag from amanda's place .
abigail lost her keys so joanne will lend her hers at 7 , when she will get back home .
nicole went to kate and jackson's place tonight and brought a salad . they all had a good time .
hayden will buy tickets for the football game for himself , lori and andrea . hayden and lori will wear their jerseys . pepper distroyed lori's old jersey .
he is funny and should try in got talent .
tim walked by dave's house . dave made sean a cardboard bus . bella didn't attend the party . tim and dave will catch up soon .
alex , mindy and greg will focus on inequality for their referrals next week and they will work on articles from the last 3 months .
bodyguard got nominated for a golden globe . anna and heidi hope for another season and hope the series will win .
unfortunately for louise , the woman brian saw is not ugly .
the lawyer told greta yesterday that her case would be complicated but possible . she will have to pay , but does not know how much yet .
maria suggests that denis take a shower to fight his sleepiness . they have a presentation tomorrow .
makayla has a discount for yoga and meditation classes and she invites stella to sign up . stella can't go , because she hasn't recovered from her back injury yet .
monique is collecting student ids but gloria won't be at the uni tomorrow . gloria can't deliver it either . monique will let them know that gloria is sick . monique reckons they will have to collect ids later as there are more people absent . monique hasn't done her homework yet .
dean will print out sasha's essay in the library for her to hand it in to professor dickins .
last night in the club sang drank a lot , he was dancing with a hot girl and taking many pictures . after two bottles of vodka , he locked himself up in a ladies toilet with a girl . as he wouldn't open the door , the security broke in . the girl was on drugs . sang's friends sent him home by taxi .
manuel books the flat from the 12th to 19th of july . he will arrive with his wife .
matthew believes marijuana is unsfae , while rick only knows the positive sides to it .
jacob misses his father .
emily's evening dress is 75 ready , but she's not sure whether the fabric isn't too heavy . however , she'll probably wear it .
cindy is coming to mona .
paul and bert do not want jess to leave their team . they want to find a solution to keep all favorite players together .
carol is busy , so she cannot talk to george at the moment ; however , she will call him later .
lara and owen will watch the new james bond movie . owen is booking the tickets .
esme and richard will have a yoga session at the park . esme will download an intermediate class on her laptop .
pearl stephen's aunt is in spain and enjoys it a lot . pearl has a new partner named vince . vince comes to spain every year like pearl . stephen's grandmother disapproves of pearl's lifestyle . pearl and stephen will see each other at christmas .
edna and valentina are talking about the car chase they are both watching in tv at the moment .
arlene loves ryan and she misses him . ryan loves arlene .
noah has to work and can't go with them today . he will let alexa know if he will be joining them tomorrow . alexa has to return on sunday at 8 am but olivia and patrick could stay behind with noah .
ginger invited patricia for pappardelle with sea urchin and cauliflower . patricia is getting an uber .
xena will help devon do her dress .
adam is looking for good kitchen shelves . alex recommends ikea or a colonian store on 5th , which has pretty but expensive products .
zoe was not able to make it to her first date with ben because she had an important meeting . they will meet tomorrow the same time . ben will pay for everything when they meet . he is impatient to meet zoe .
aaron waxman is a law firm working on denied disability claims . molly hasn't filed her claim yet as she is still paid from the insurance . she's not going back to work yet .
philip's father seems cool to strangers , but at home beats his wife badly . philip needs to seek help , he's thinking of talking to a school councillor .
dave has sent spud a video with bugs in sweets .
kim , simon and jackie will meet at the gate . kim wants to look at the shops .
jacob consults his daughter olivia about a dryer for olivia's mum . he also reminds her to call grandpa on his birthday .
suzie may give kim a hyacinth for her birthday .
jenniffer and louise are going to go shopping , have ice cream and drinks on saturday . they will ask tommy and mark to hang out together in the evening .
joan sent becky a template of the evaluation set for tomorrow .
kyle will be in town next week and he wants to meet callum . they are meeting for lunch at the royal at 12 30 pm . callum wants to try out kyle's land rover that he intended to sell and possibly buy it from him . they will discuss the transaction over lunch .
tom suffers from jet lag .
warren , mattia and hank comment on the game and players de rossi , zuccarini and baldarelli .
erick has a surprise for tracy and jonathan .
maisie will see rick after work .
lisa and arlene haven't submitted the report yet .
jasna paid 400 euro for holiday in pefkohori in june .
matt is working at the shop and jodi is trying to watch tv , but it's not working . matt suggests she changes the batteries in the remote and it works .
joe will pick caroline and cathy up in 20 minutes .
jensen , erik , dylan and isho need 3 more wins to play in the final .
karen and jerry can't come tonight . martha will buy one ticket from her and gabe's cousin will buy the other one .
amanda is going out on a date and needs some advice from pam as she is shy . pam gives her conversation topic ideas and advises amanda about a response to a potential invitation for a next meeting .
molly and derek are going to the lake with peter and kristina .
suzanne and rosanne noticed they use the same actors for different roles on friends and gilmore girls .
josh has no plans for new year's eve yet , but doesn't want to party with hannah . hannah is going to invite people from her high school .
carol and jacob want to check out the new vr place . they have the newest oculus rift and a lot of games . there's even a game where you can shoot orcs with arrows . the place costs 10 quid for 15 minutes . harry is invited .
nobody's in town today . matthew's with his family for the weekend and patrick is coming back tomorrow .
keano will borrow an egg from kate .
dakota has a spicy sauce and alaia advises her to share it with her dad . dakota's mum is a little bit ill . alaia sent dakota a hilarious video that she was talking about .
burek bit poppa's shoes . hemulen hid fillyjonk's shoes from the dog .
jordan invites ernest to watch a match tomorrow at 8 , england vs . france .
james wants to borrow some money from cole . cole has no money .
james is busy and will talk to william later .
natalie left for her erasmus in 2013 .
bonny is waiting for her mother . she's running late , because the road is congested .
cassie was on a date at new italian restaurant downtown . she was given flowers but she didn't kiss . cassie is very thrilled and will go for a second date next saturday .
oscar , james and william will see blade runner 2 tonight . they will meet at 7 30 . they will drink beer .
tom's flat in paris is dreadful . there are cockroaches in it . he's been looking for a different flat since he arrived , but he doesn't have too much money . martha and peter offered him some help .
erica hasn't seen ghostbusters . james should lend her his dvd . he used to have both parts but lent ii to don . bill murray has tours with live readings and classical music . he was in pittsburgh in april , but james and harold missed him . dan akroyd is engaged in crystal head vodka and house of blues .
gina has enough commissions to keep herself busy and they bring her enough money . mash works about 12 15 hours per week , which also works for him . the alta journal is still going strong . the last time mash saw rose was in november at michael's birthday party . rose is about his age and retired now .
james and frank are together . rita will be surprised .
anna will buy some toilet paper .
eva is picking darren up in 15 min to grab something to eat .
there's a thick fog today . marry is worried about ben driving , but he will drive anyway . ben will let marry know when he gets there .
it took laura 7 years to get pregnant with gabriel .
leo is going to china and needs to borrow a kindle or ipad to read during the long flight . jack will lend leo his kindle .
tom is seeing victor to get the keys to the apartment but has to call him first .
victor and stephanie will see captain marvel together when it comes out .
gloria had an abortion . macarena saw a guy that made her pregnant in a club yesterday .
kela wishes cher a happy birthday and sends her some photos .
harry is going to a conference tomorrow . samuel persuades him to prepare some notes .
clem will talk to jim and ask lisa to send an email to everyone . maria will talk to antonio and empty the dining room so that they can do it at home .
lunchbox recipe that greg recommends is waffles or pancakes with fresh fruit , pasta , broccoli and baby tomatoes . for beth it is quesadillas , salad , hummus with vegetables and for bob dried fruit , nuts and muffins . sarah is impressed with the number of recipes she was provided with .
olivia's new phone is broken . it's samsung note 8 bought from ethan's shop . olivia will have the phone delivered to jayden . he will have it repaired .
tim lives in spain . he will probably come to his hometown the last week of may or the first week of june . he wants to throw a party . in order to do that he will set up the event on facebook and make a group chat .
kate and will watched the ski jumping this weekend . dennis didn't . kobayashi , a 22 year old guy will win the cup .
jeremy recommends le pain quotidien in antwerp to natalie to have breakfast .
amari will play rugby and cricket and lilah will play carom at the sports festival at weekend .
clark and matt are sharing their opinion about the thor movie .
jeff , teresa , molly , amanda and toby will go to a bar named cockroach .
joseph has just bought his first guitar . it cost 4 . 5k . he'll bring it to practice today .
jenny , lisa and marie will go to a club on new year s eve . jenny finds it hard to convince steve . marie will get the tickets .
june regrets not going to the party . the party was at luke's house but he slept through it . chris wants to go home but doesn't know his location . june recommends checking the map .
fiona wants to paint her room and asks larry for help . he'll help her buy paint when she decides on the colour .
ginny and andrew are doing fine .
kinga wants to go for lunch with ariana in an hour . ariana is starving though , so she will go for lunch right now .
courtney and kim are bored and want some entertainment . they are going to meet at a karaoke place which opens at 8 pm . courtney will send kim the address .
simon buys water bottled in glass called pierrot . he tries to reduce plastic in his house .
robert is feeling unwell after trying feta cheese for the first time .
mike and mia will visit san marino .
layla has a runny nose and a sore throat . daniel will bring her some cookies .
jane's coming . peter's waiting for tom . tina's calling an uber . girls will go alone , because peter lost tom .
kelly is looking for healthy dessert ideas for kids . she should try homemade muffins , banana ice cream , fruit juice jelly , dried fruit , kale banana smoothie , yoghurt and fresh fruit , dark chocolate , pancakes with maple syrup and fresh fruit .
marie recommended laura a blog with romantic places and sent a file to show laura where they was . laura liked the place , where marie was . the place is expensive , but it offers beautiful landscapes , delicious breakfast and no wi fi connection .
mike , jack and robert are turning 30 this year . robert is happy with his life . jack is a programmer . mike hasn't finished high school .
ann's parents found a two year old dirty dog next to the market and she named it tricky . tom suggested to put the dog's photo on the internet to inform its owner . ann refused . tom promissed to bring some toys to tricky from rocky .
melissa is going to james' . carl wants melissa to bring her new friend .
larry's papers didn't turn up , so jon went to the shop and discovered the express hasn't been delivered yet .
salma and cain need help with tomorrow's statics lecture . they will go to ethan's to get their classmate to help them .
alex has been staying at sam's until he finds a new place . jessy wants to come over but alex has to ask sam first . alex is stubborn and keeps insisting .
jack wants to hang out with martha tomorrow , but she has a dentist appointment . he suspects she might be avoiding him .
rachel has just made and apple pie . judith and sarah are coming over to rachel .
brooklyn's finest is airing on channel 4 today .
tony's husband is back home after doing the biopsy . they will contact the urologist in 10 days . tony says that it's too early for alternative therapies . his husband will have eyes surgery .
kotten ate the pizza alisha made and found it delicious .
adele has scored 168 points , which is the best result . eve has not passed .
alina will go to the opening of the new theatre in representation of the company . they have worked very hard because the theatre had to open before the upcoming election .
jane will let lucy borrow her blue shirt for the bank dinner .
mike works tomorrow till 22 . vicki will come over after she checks in after 7 45 when her train comes . she will see jes on sunday and leave on the overnight train to prague .
sophie has not seen martha in the office today . freddie needs to talk to martha .
reeve is planning a weekend trip with jule , but he doesn't have much money . joy , byrd and hayes are giving reeve their recommendations .
clay is sorry that he behaved terribly . he sent some money to rita that thinks his behaviour was a natural yet stupid human reaction . clay feels bad he lied to her .
lucy is suffering from some side effects of a drug she's taking . michael suggests she talks to her doctor about changing the drug and reporting the adverse effects to the pharmaceutical company .
joseph went tp rome and shares details of the trip with joey , joseph liked italian girls , but only got some phone numbers so they agree they go there together the next time .
as suggested by rick , john will watch the new season of narcos . he doesn't want to watch sabrina suggested by rosa .
molly won't tell sam the pin to her card .
zayn's leg is better . he is just bored , because he can't move with the cast . melissa will drop by with some food .
josh has a meeting with mr dupont on tuesday morning . he was supposed to help miss black with a charity work , but she won't be available for the next weeks due to a family emergency .
josh advises sue not to go out if she doesn't have to as it's cold and wet outside .
patrick , joe and philip met a philips' and next time they will meet at patrick's place .
pricilla , peggy and trisha are angry because ian changed the date of their classes for thursday . trisha and peggy are not going there on thursday .
tamar met with kelly yesterday . rachel is going to see kelly on saturday . kelly was married and had a successful life in a big city but she moved .
abigail's mother gave her a haircut . ethan likes it .
bryson's got a letter telling him he's won a scholarship .
rose's baby has a small fever . alice advised her to put him into cold water .
victoria wants to be with alex . she was stalking brenda yesterday . she is jealous of her . if victoria doesn't stay away from alex and brenda , alex will inform authorities .
will is going to meet with emma when he recovers from depression . it is will's birthday today .
noah asked maddison to pick up the kids because he has to stay longer at work .
simon needs cash as fast as possible . jacob and joanne transfered him 50 euro each for the apartament . joanne also paid another 50 for chris's part .
paul is high . david will come in 30 minutes . paul asked david to bring some rolling papers .
amelia admires chloe's style and asks her what she should do about her style to resemble chloe's . chloe recommends starting a pinterest account .
bethany deletes a pending post as sara advises . sara considers the post an ad . bethany sends a message to the author of the post about the deletion .
gustav was exhausted and slept a lot . lilly slept 12 hours .
daniel's looking for his coat that he lost last night while being drunk . tom possesses the coat but threatens to vomit on it as the payback for daniel's vominting in his car .
henry will call phil at 3pm .
matija is in his bed on friday nights . tomorrow he is cleaning the apartment and afterwards they are going to the restaurant to have a lesson at 4 and meet that bartender at 6 . sandra is going to a nature park for one day . she wanted to go there for a long time .
bruce invites julia , marie and tom to come over . he brought food from his parents . his mother is from bearus . marie wants to practice her russian with her .
daniel picks up frank and lexie's mom will drop off lexie .
charlie broke his arm . henry and victoria went to the hospital . the fracture isn't severe .
maggie is stressing out as she can't find a job . chase experienced the same thing a year ago . maggie's birthday is next week , but chase lives across the ocean .
matt and david love each other .
patrick suggests going to cap haitien for the weekend with amanda and pearl . they don't have a car , but there's a bus .
lila was invited to a party celebrating the season finale of a tv show but she forgot about it .
timothy doesn't have good news for helen and cecilia .
linda needs a haircut . wanda has a good hairdresser , but he's very busy . she gives linda his number .
bobby gives henry the entrance code but it's invalid . this is due to today's reseting the system but henry can still contact the administration .
they give victoria advice on what to play with her infant . they encourage messy play because children like it .
tracy will buy chinese or thai food at the mall .
sandy prepared a chicken . ben is coming .
sanjev will be late for the meeting . he tells mark about his idea to put decals on their machines . mark is unsure about it but they will discuss it in private .
sam has brand new baby clothes for sale . kelly will ask her sister . donna will drop by with her friend later this afternoon .
billy is writing his thesis . troy proposes controversial topic concerning avengers . billy doesn't approve of that idea , because his girlfriend is a feminist .
karen forgot the key to the office . mary will be there soon to let her in .
as amber made johnny's favourite food , he will make it home around 5 instead of 5 . 30 .
fred's cake is ready . he cannot pick it up on friday so he will do it on saturday . the place is open until midday on friday and saturday .
ben just got a new pad .
david doesn't like the idea of the quarter life crisis muhammad shares with him .
ava is in town for the weekend and wants to go for a walk with taylor . ava and taylor will meet downtown tomorrow afternoon .
sam will let andy know if he needs some help .
fred is heading to meet gwen .
bryan is fed up with everyone worrying about him and wants to be left alone .
henry asks lydia and peter if he can post their photographs from vivian's party . lydia doesn't want one photograph to be posted . peter is fine with all photos . henry needs to ask everyone that are in the photos .
they are going to meet next saturday around 8 .
logan has one more meeting at 2 pm . chad and logan are both tired and will spend their day in beds .
charity and briar will take edric's tickets for hoops game tomorrow as he can't go .
harry thinks brexit was not necessary . the guy who came up with this idea resigned from his position . people who have stayed in gb for more than 5 years will be able to stay . the fate of those with less than 5 years is uncertain . harry and henry think they will be deported .
martin left in the middle of a presentation because dad had been taken to hospital . luckily , it was nothing serious .
bill and thomas want to give anne a present and they are looking for ideas together . because perfumes are expensive , bill will go to the anne's favourite clothes shop . bill will let thomas know about the price , so they can share it .
ann and kate will not go out together tonight because kate feels sick .
manchester united played poorly and lost against valencia . they are playing against liverpool on sunday .
tess and nicole like having coffee in cafes while looking out of the window .
szymon is annoyed at road event . he enjoys playing the game when there is less monsters to handle .
goran is coming to the uk by train next month and mark's going to meet him at victoria's station .
tony bought a lot of stuff on black friday . ruby bought 2 pairs of jeans , 1 pair of sneakers , a smartwatch and a laptop . she got 70 off of each item .
nancy is sending over mary's invitation to lexie as she needs to check something .
pete will buy a birthday present for paula . she wants something fun or sparkly , preferably from sephora or zara .
molly's going shopping with jenna .
ida sends nel a recipe for chicken .
stef's cousin is looking for information about cef . nat doesn't find it very interesting or effective , but lets stef give her phone number to the cousin . stef's kids are travelling a lot , one is in mexico , one in canada , and another one in france .
octavia met an interesting woman on the train today .
hannah's and ann's friends are getting married in august . ann wasn't invited .
it's valentine's day and caroline didn't go to the gym . mitch is working at home . last week caroline went to malmo to see dance theatre's rehearsal for free . she plans to see it again and buy a ticket this time .
gina sent kevin a photo of her left thigh . gina slept well last night , but kevin couldn't sleep as he was thinking about her . kevin proposes a meeting this week , but gina might be very busy . they arrange to have dinner on friday evening . kevin will phone gina this evening to discuss that .
the treatment for a guy after cardiac arrest is not working , and he's getting worse . jackie is on her way , coming back from lunch . she should find the intern julie as denver wants her to see this one .
nichole needs the reply asap . alanis is checking the mailbox now . jordan is sending it now .
lib came to london . she brought a meaningful photo with her that was in her father's possession before he passed away . she wants to keep in touch with liz after her departure .
otto will meet ana at paddy's in 1 hour , to talk about otto's problems with kelly .
eva doesn't enjoy house of cards without frank . julia has read it was spacey and wright who made the serious together but she's going to watch anyway .
jules and lily will meet next saturday for jamming .
hammond and ulrika have had a busy week . for today's lunch , ulrika had some dumplings that she made yesterday , and hammond had curry with rice .
aisha and tom are going to the cinema to watch the new movie about freddy mercury at 6 .
rachel and isla are going to get drunk .
leafs are winning against the sharks .
kamren does not want to meet today because her face is covered with spots , and she does not want to be around people .
ryan is in italy while leo is working hard and wishing he could win the lottery .
ash is feeling better and he will work on the next chapter as soon as he can . he has to beta another story tonight . mollie likes all of his stories .
jennifer is watching friends .
liz needs to be there at four o'clock sharp for the checkup .
zahra sees snow for the first time and posts it on instagram .
chloe's costume isn't ready and she is in need of another one . katy suggests she makes last minute repairs and wears it anyway .
juliet isn't free to do james' homework , so he'll ask lilly .
jamie and ioanna are cooking butter chicken today . tomorrow they'll cook pasta . jamie will pick ioanna up from work at 5pm and they'll go to superstore together .
maria got socks , slippers , and pink moomin pyjamas for christmas . miranda received money from her wealthy parents . tony finds getting money from parents odd .
nick has spent an enjoyable evening with his friends . nick and lucas are leaving derry for dublin . anna is in barcelona and is going to the swimming pool and the aquarium .
cornelia found mark's id . they are going to meet at the mall .
reinhard , hans and carla are on a yacht in monaco . caroline has to be in basel tomorrow to buy some art . caroline is an art historian .
mary needs 2000 to pay her bills as she was dismissed two months ago . amanda will send the money immediately . kate's company is looking for professionals like mary .
ethan asked julia about the well being of schmoze the cat and about her address .
gigi wants memphis to listen to quavo's new song .
mona reminds zina about diana's dress code to wear black .
samantha has forgot her case for glasses . samantha won't be back before christmas . samantha will give connor her address and he will send her the case .
mrs . swanson has left dinner for her son oliver in the fridge .
donnie is homesick and wants to come for christmas on dec . 21 . donnie has to ask his colleagues first . dad will lend him 250 . their old house in pelham is for sale but it's devastated and costs 100 , 000 more .
anna invites adam to the movies tonight .
tom assures mike that everything will go well .
matt will buy some sweets for marta's nephew on anna's request .
ben has an interview for an office job next week and needs advice about his hair . mia likes ben's hair style so he won't change it .
alex's parents might be getting a divorce as they fight a lot .
eve and leslie are waiting for tom with the dinner . he'll be home in about an hour .
nina and max have loads to be done tonight . max wants to skip some things from the list . nina suggests helping her dad another time . nina and max are leaving work earlier to go shopping . then nina is getting her nails done . max is helping dan with his move at 7 .
prudence wants kyle to call her when he can . it's about nettie .
peter and monika will be chairing twice at the conference , in different rooms . they are going to meet only on coffee breaks . peter is dressing up for this occassion .
liza loves christmas , the atmosphere , lights , and buying presents .
patty is informing molly of bill's condition . he's regaining more colours and the doctor is positive .
walter and wendy spent a weekend together . they had a lot of fun .
cindy wants to take part in gingerbread house baking competition , but she can't bake . monica promises her to help her with that , cindy'll decorate it .
troy and kayla's friend boyle move out with his workmate to stonehenge .
there is an mma event in city arena next month which charley and hobart plan to attend . idina criticizes this sport .
ella has just reached home with new shoes bought at main market at a newly opened shop that gave her 30 discount . mathew wants to buy ones to his sister , too , so he's leaving home in ten minutes .
clementine got a notice from the landlord she needs to leave the apartment next month . victoria proposes she can stay with her .
kelvin wants to talk to karen but she is not interested .
matt is waiting for an uber . nick is waiting for him . kate is angry at matt . nick will see matt in a while .
bobby's new to the neighbourhood , mats welcomes him .
maryam has to prepare an assignment regarding the vr topic .
noah informs ethan that they are going swimming now but ethan has other plans . ethan is willing to go swimming next weekend .
harry and mark are sick of the autumn , while gina likes it .
lucy got a new bike from her parents . lucy and anne will go on a bike ride on saturday at noon .
amelie was at the eivør concert last night and she loved it . frederick couldn't go because of work . frederick wants to go to the concert next time .
tim can't meet with megan tonight , because he must study .
emily wants to meet with people . anne is about to leave . clare suggests going for a drink this friday evening . emily's in . amy will probably be there . she's got birthday on friday and helen won't make it . she wants others to make sure amy's drinking a lot of gin .
michael gives bella the syllabus for the ohts . bella has a problem with with finding stability of a system . michael is in his office now . bella will be there in 5 minutes .
kate wants to buy some new melissa shoes , but her size is not available anywhere . she lost her old pair in morocco .
today tim is going with john to the apartment john is considering renting . they will meet at 6 . 20 by liquor store .
harry , greg and dan's children spend too much time on doing their homework . harry is gonna talk to their teacher about it .
albert was angry , because alexandra made fun of him .
kelly had a stressful week at work , and wants to go dancing . diane had loads of work lately , she's in . kelly suggested an incoming promotion as a reason for extra work .
pamela and willie were invited to aunt rosie this weekend . willie doesn't want to bring his new girlfried rhonda . he is worried she would be bored .
becky arranged a date between samantha and sam . samantha and becky think sam is attractive .
mike borrows 200 from jake . he needs it to pay the bills .
connor sends greta the task description . presentations from the uni's website have some errors .
robert is irritated that some large man is promoting being overweight on youtube . nina shares robert's opinion .
lorenzo and giuseppe find matteo's girlfriend sexy .
stephanie will introduce damian to marcus . damian wants to ask marcus a favour but won't share any details .
rashid reminds fran of the dishwasher repairman visit between 2 and 6pm today . rashid suggests fran to call at 222 444 if he wants to know when the maintenance man is on his way .
max , freddie and mark will play football at their usual spot at 6 . max will bring his goalkeeper gloves .
casey and delilah are vegetarian , so tom will get them meatless subs .
claire and some wendy's colleagues will visit wendy at 7 p . m . dominic has a final rehearsal today , so he cannot join .
mark told eliza that the film is not worth seeing . she saw it anyway and regrets it .
jim lends eva his car and takes dad's car . this is the last time he helps her .
it is snowing . graham and rhian won't go to club tonight . bella ran a 100 km through the desert last year .
neither samantha nor laura have finished the book . the meeting is postponed till monday .
the tourist office has offered janet , rose , hannah and sophie and the others a stay in turkey . janet needs to complete the list of participants at the end of the month . there are 20 places . sophie will join .
emma made a cake decoration with santa claus who crashed his sleigh .
there was a demonstration of nationalists at auschwitz during the holocaust memorial day .
gerald will miss next monday's meeting , he'll be 2 days at pasteur institut for a check up . the convocation arrived yesterday . gerald's been on a diet since last week . he met tony , whose effort test was bad . tony will have more tests . gerald is waiting for his blood test . andrew will go next month .
rachel kavanagh is in nottingham now . rachel kavanagh and caron will meet in nottingham next time dee travels there . rachel kavanagh attends acting classes during the week . she is trying to get an acting job in a soap opera .
frannie and jim are worrying about their exam tomorrow . frannie uses jim's notes . jim explains the notions of substrata , superstrata , and mediolanum to her .
yuval thinks he might have haemorrhoids .
lilyanna and ernest have exams to take tomorrow .
diana wants max to meet her parents . max thinks it is too early , since they have known each other for just two weeks .
david feels horrible because of drinking vodka .
martha , lilly and maria are going to serve the starter , the soup and the dessert at the party . the second dish will be made by a catering company . martha doesn't like that .
ross will take out the garbage .
after what sam told anna in the restaurant she didn't talk to him for four days and now it's weird between them .
doyle wants to borrow some cash from ania .
dad went to niagara on the lake on sunday . he suffered from back problems but now the pain moved to his right foot . bobby recommends the exercises for his back that he used to do . he will pass the information about the book with exercises to dad tomorrow .
lindsay asked raul to return her the movie she had lent him because paige wanted to see it .
dan and nate don't have money for ticket .
sophia disapproves of the way she was treated by her teacher .
shelly gives jackie instructions on how she can get to her house .
tom was the only person who didn't come to the meeting . kate will talk to him as such behaviour is unacceptable .
harry has just been deleted from facebook by peter , and he doesn't actually know why , so he'll talk to him tomorrow . ben doesn't know the reason either .
john's had an accident and it looks serious , nav took him to xyz hospital . david's coming .
kat left her backpack at the flat . she wants mike to come back and bring the term paper . kat doesn't know where she left the paper . mike is heading there .
kasia got an rgs grant . shirin would like to see her application . doron will ask kasia for shirin about it .
katy likes twin peaks . kate wants to go to a party .
kieran is going to san antonio on wednesday with a private shuttle . erica's also going , but rather with a public shuttle . victor's taking the shuttle at 3pm from cobano . private shuttle is 50 , public shuttle is 15 . the last time summer took a public bus it was late by 2 . 5 hours .
dan and patrick will have a late breakfast tomorrow at around 12 .
carol's plane arrived at 20 56 . she is in th bus now , in 5 minutes she'll get her luggage and go to exit b where she'll meet barbara . emma is waiting just next to mcdonald's .
karla was run over by a car in the parking lot . she is now in the hospital . both her legs are broken . she is in love with the man who ran her over .
monkeys got into the factory and destroyed the ceiling . santakumar wants them out safely .
tim and samantha are making a presentation on natural selection . samantha will focus on the history of the concept and the evidence . tim will focus on the modern definiton , including stuff from dawkins' book , and why it matters to the humanity . the presentation will be in prezi .
freddie will pick up his sister . mary will buy some ice cream for freddie .
tom didn't come to the class as his was sick . mickey took some notes .
auto correct changed barbara's text to her mom for the first time yesterday . her mom called her to check .
frank from speedy repair is on the way and will be at sheila's in 20 minutes . she's been waiting all day .
olivia's meeting was longer than expected and she missed 3 phone calls from her daughter skylar .
abigail and robert are going to have a baby girl . they're considering the names ava and emily .
mark will drive isis , pia and monica to susie's tonight .
gregory was at the new year's party with roger , ann and maria . carolina met her friends , but her boyfriend got sick and they had to go back home .
today at the art history lecture , the class was watching exit through the gift shop . then they proceeded to discussion about banksy's art .
samuel has problems at work he's exceeded the budget and he has to pay 20000 out of his own pocket .
allie is listening to the soundtrack of before the storm today . the first episode of the second season is available to watch .
zoe , eveline and irma are checking the ranking list they've been waiting for .
tom can't talk right now and will call jim back around 6 .
elizabeth is not a fan of halloween because kids threw eggs at her house when she wasn't there .
oscar is frustrated with his job . other offers don't appeal to oscar . elliott suggested taking time off .
wisner arrived to the us . he had to cross the dominican republic border and to take a raft to the us shores .
mother of chris and mary is getting older and she can't take care of herself and her house . neither may , nor chris and jane can't take the mother to their places . they're considering to find her a nursing home .
garry and katia are going to an irish pub . they will meet at the subway station at approx . 8 o'clock .
mike didn't lose the fight .
aisha kicked the cupboard , now her toe is broken .
gabrielle has made some bread and is sharing some photos and the recipe will anette . anette will show her a spanish book about making bread on monday . she will also try the recipe .
joanna helps terry with his project . she suggests the layout improvement . she tells terry how to do it . she also sends him a website with useful guides .
jane will get to gina in 10 minutes . it's raining , so gina will hide inside .
jim is getting married . they think he will not be a good husband .
bruce is not going to be late at home . bruce will be home at about 5 . 30 . bruce and carrie will order a pizza from cimino's with sausage and onion , and with green peppers on half . carrie will call for the pickup .
roy needs an urgent conference call with vin and philip .
sara picked up the book on her way to work . they are heavy , so tom will pick her up after work .
asha and mohammed are celebrating ramadan .
enrique tells travis not to eat the food alvin made last night as he still cannot get the terrible taste out of his mouth .
mariah is feeling unwell after eating green peppers in her dinner last night .
dean is going to be late because he was playing the fifa video game . if dean does not arrive in 10 minutes , bobby and chad will start without him .
anna is worried about her son nick . simone reckons it's a minor thing . nick's wearing long hair and red pants . his classmates keep laughing at him . anna wants to burn the pants but simone suggests staining them .
andrea , kasia and nicki want to join a student organization called aiesec . the organization holds conferences and helps students find volunteering or training opportunities . andrea , kasia and nicki will go to an aiesec meeting on thursday together . chris doesn't want to join .
brenda and carl are going to see the body worlds exhibition at about noon on sunday .
brooke , ava and kristen will meet up in senza to support kristen in her christmas shopping .
eric invited emily to go skiing with him for the whole week . eric also invited his friend with his girlfriend . eric booked one room with four single beds . it is a place near karpaty , where eric goes with his family every year .
milena , irina and galina are in moscow , john is not .
ricardo will book the hotel on potsdamer platz tonight . he's working overtime so he'll have the money . agnes would prefer something else , but she's fine with it anyway .
sally and pat are going out for dinner . pat booked a table at 6 30 . pat and her friend are picking sally up at 6 pm for a tour of kingscliff .
rosa should be home by 6 . 30 . she and gene will go out or dinner .
matt is masturbating , and he wants to see a picture of jane's boobs and pussy . jane is not willing to fulfil his request .
quinn will do the laundry . jayden will buy bread on quinn's request .
becky thinks that 'unbreakable kimmy schmidt' got more interesting , because jon bernthal plays there . becky recommends kate and julia watching 'punisher' .
gemma and sam have a plane to catch at 6 30 .
lola didn't have time to clean the bathroom but she promises to do it tomorrow .
joe overslept and will be late for work . rob is covering for him .
bob disappeared on them last night . he doesn't remember what he did . bob got home around 5 .
lia would like to go out tonight but marion and mel are not up for it .
meg might be pregnant as she skipped her pill twice this week .
ruth was dismissed from w a by jack . jack was persuaded to do so by his new girlfriend .
mark and melanie just got to malaga . it took them about 6 hours . the weather is nice and mark likes his hotel .
luke suggests that bryan should be preparing himself for having children . bryan claims that all the girls he meets wouldn't be good mothers . luke confessed that he met his future wife at the party .
binni was sick , so she missed her class today . lewis agreed to share his notes with binni . binni will get the notes tonight from lewis's mother .
jenny let jack know she is going to sleep .
meggy and peter recommend the new james bond movie to anna .
robert will come to diana's graduation . he hasn't bought her a present yet .
amber will send roy an article about saudi arabia .
emma sent nora the photo of their homework .
julie is going to visit new york city next week . she's first visiting a friend there and then going to washington , d . c . sophie is going to either cuba or palma for her summer vacation .
kim has a private account where she posts awkward pictures . dayna and kim miss each other .
bridget and clare like portishead , whitsunday island and whitehaven beach .
vic , max and maria will come to alec's place tomorrow . alec made french soup . maria has celiac disease .
jack won't go to florence with tommy , micky and alice because of the financial problems . he was robbed and he had problems with his car , which made him depressed .
mark can't open the entrance door and jane is coming to help him .
new episodes of the vikings will be aired at the end of november . filip and bartek can't wait .
logan will write a bio for the end of the article . natalie sends him a sample so he can keep it the same and recommends to put his ai work and logan's experience with them . it's been almost two years and logan is officially a member of the team now .
sonia will babysit her sister's 7 year old child tomorrow and doesn't know how to do it . tracy thinks sonia should turn on the tv and give her some snacks .
mariah , david and carlos need another group member . they can have 4 5 people in the group , so mariah , who is the group leader , will ask both abe and the flight attendant girl to join .
jenny wasn't replying to chase before as she was busy and had to move last week . they'll meet on saturday around 6 o'clock at the pub near chase's place .
mike should confirm with agnes whether they start at 8 00 am tomorrow .
drake is coming to fetch llz in 30 minutes .
daisy will tell mom and dad that sam loves them when they return . sam is wondering if it is possible to tag her in a post if she restricts someone on fb .
kian can talk to annabelle if he needs it .
sandra will go to mandy to do homework together , but she will come back to mom for supper .
kylie's and olivia's lecture starts at 2 30 pm in room 211 .
alexis and carter met tonight . carter would like to meet again , but alexis is busy .
tomorrow leon will be home at around 4 . father will come help him with math .
andy gives anderson 100 off discount on his orders .
matilde has a new flat . matilde and marco designed the interiors themselves . agnes is about to buy a flat and get the keys to it in a few months . matilde shares her social media profiles with interior design ideas as agnes is considering different design options .
noah quit his job as his boss had become unbearable . now he has the time to meet madison .
tom is standing in line . it will take him 20 minutes .
nat found a g string under the bed . paul has no idea where it comes from , but nat doesn't believe him .
michael is texting kelly pretending he's having a great conversation with her to actually escape from people talking to him as he's a shy person .
caron got a back prodder . andy feels he's out of a job as his masseur . caron thinks andy's still better .
zuri will come to fisher's place tonight to watch high voltage together .
ellie and libby are meeting tonight at 8 pm . they are going to dance .
amanda's phone battery is very low . on amanda's request , kevin will call her mom to let her know amanda is on her way . amanda has left the power bank , kevin got her , at johnny's place on friday .
gilly laughs at the gif sent by lars .
zoey and aria will meet at 6 pm this tuesday .
the fire alarm goes off at 8 40 on tuesdays . it woke up hilda today .
issy asked meg how to do her task from french or when it is due .
ela didn't recognize kris . ela feels stupid about this . kris doesn't have a problem with that .
bella and chloe will have vegetarian burgers for dinner . bella will pick up her order from h m and buy the ingredients for the burgers .
mike and archie are waiting for the release of anthem which is due tomorrow . they are anxious though because the game development studio ruined their previous game mass effect andromeda .
bartek sent tomek a picture of himself on a boat in greece . tomek couldn't open the picture on his phone .
francis wants two of the fastest linguists on the project x file to finish it faster .
peter and gabe want to go to the rolling stones' concert on june 6th . peter's cousin works at the ticket master but he cannot help them with getting the tickets .
how to train your dragon 3 will come out on the 22nd of february 2019 .
alfred tells his mum , hetty , how to create a shortcut on an ipad and where to find her e mail app .
david and joey will eat breakfast at the mess .
dale is wearing the same clothes as yesterday . will has black rings around his eyes . emma and casey think dale and will may have spent the night together .
karine and anne will have brunch at the lake today . they will go by car , vicky will join them . she should be home at 12 . karine's parking number is 5 . anne arrives at the lake .
wendy and pascal's son has trouble at school . he was accused of groping girls . if it happens again , he might get expelled . pascal thinks their son needs help .
sula forgot her lunch . jake can't bring it to her as he has a meeting far away . sula will eat the lunch after work .
stan wants to stay home because he has a test at school . carol has let him stay once before , but now she refuses . she will pick him up at 3 . 20 .
vivian is throwing a part for her colleagues , some of them are vegans . she is looking for some recipes . thomas recommended 3 vegan blogs to her and sent a recipe for vegan stroganoff .
jim is on the bus . jim is going to meet felix and sean in about 15 minutes .
mark and luke will take a coffee , and jake needs to talk to the boss . he wants them to wait for him .
tom would like to visit eastern europe . he's thinking about going to poland and seeing some villages , forests , mountains , etc . peter doesn't appreciate polish people , so he recommends exploring the baltic states instead .
mikey is spending tonight with his lady and can't have a drink with dave .
lily , tom and ieva are meeting tomorrow morning at 9 .
andrew wants to keep it as it is , while john and brett disagree .
florence , stacy and denique are going to the twenty one pilots concert . tickets are 50 . they talk about dressing as the band .
jennifer wants mary to do her make up on saturday before her date with dave .
kim's cat stopped eating , so she needs to change its food .
dan had to stay at work longer and he's already late for the meeting with betty and their guests . he will be on his way in 10 minutes .
hermiona has finally agreed to go on a date with harry . harry's been in love with her for a very long time , but she'd always refused .
betty doesn't have time to take care about the legal issues and administration in her company . helen recommends betty her accountant .
sonia agrees to work extra hours helping cynthia on some reports this afternoon , tomorrow and on friday .
kassy finalized the dimensions for the robot , and to resolve the problem with the rigid dimensions for the mechanism he made it adjustable .
sid and annie are going to watch aquaman , highest grossing movie this week .
theresa has no other option at the moment , but to keep working there . theresa went to the cinema for a comedy that made her cry at the end . meg saw kler and thinks it's very good . theresa has a complicated relationship with sylvia .
julia is selling her rock band 4 set with a guitar for ps4 . tony will ask his nephew and let julia know if he'd be interested in buying it .
gina thinks she's watched everything on netflix . she has been sick all the time for the last few months . her doctor prescribed her some good stuff , though . wendy hasn't seen outlander . gina thinks it's extremely good and recommends it to wendy .
mary found a dead bird in james' car .
sabina is finally an aunt .
milly's hairdresser appointment is at 2 and sue's is at 2 30 . the hairdresser is at glazer rd , on the right , second floor .
aisha is seeing sheila at vesuvius in 15 . aisha booked a table for 4 under the name sayeed .
matthew will give danny a call once he gets off the subway .
there is milk and water in the fridge .
patrick has a message for rini from rodrigues . rini is tired of false promises . rini got it wrong and would visit rodrigues at his place tomorrow .
samantha's daughter is two months old .
kim takes part in paul's survey on customer service of xstore . com . on a scale of 1 5 she's to rate her last visit to the page , the clothing available there , the ui and the customer services . she would also change the page as it's difficult to read .
haille will bring apple juice on june's request .
there is a girl with ridicolous makeup and she is probably not aware it looks awful .
margo and nathalie wish each other a happy new year . margo sends nathalie some photos .
jules thinks the assault that happened in france was abominable . ashley has a strong opinion that the left winged government is responsible for it .
brandy is satisfied with her performance . the film will most likely be on the school's fp .
lucy and lewis are having a date on friday evening . they will go to the cinema and to an italian restaurant .
sonia will buy coke zoe who's on her period .
watson has an interview tomorrow and wants to learn interviewing skills . bella and watson will meet tomorrow at 4 pm .
daniel wants to show eveline some changes in the executive project . she will make coffee for them .
peter thanks sean for coming to his workshop . sean liked it and will visit periodically .
robert's parents will give him a surprise gift for christmas .
fiona shares house with 10 people . the house has 3 floors and a patio . she lives in a small town , about 20 minutes by bus from city centre . ian has already bought the flight tickets and will visit fiona in two weeks time . fiona wants to take ian to a cafe which she likes very much .
linda invited hilary and megan yesterday . hilary and megan are grateful .
ian will bring some snacks and doreen will bring tomato juice to the seminar with mary . amber and edgard loved gubar's text .
there are no literature classes today .
mr howard will try to reschedule the meeting , but mr tokken and mr hugh have already tight schedules .
mary have found a lottery ticket and she won 15 .
jacob is having 39 . 7 degrees , so he and isabella won't meet soon .
jake , kelly , greg and tom want to go camping on the first weekend of may . jake invites juliet and her boyfriend to join them .
kate found old photos of her and anna . anna finds them crazy and kate embarassing .
daniel and ava will meet near ava's house in 30 minutes . they will see hugh jackman at the restaurant .
victoria , monica and sally are gossiping about celebrities . an actor by the name johnny is getting separated . rumour has it that johnny was cheating on her .
hugo has just booked an apartment for them on airbnb . christina and ashley have already paid , kim will do it when she's back from work . the conference is in a few weeks . hugo , ashley and kim don't have their papers ready yet .
mary is throwing a party tonight . jell , terry , lia , and mia are coming .
ronald and julia are waiting for the premiere of new black mirror season on 28th of december .
mum is waiting for ludo in the lounge . she will get ludo a club sandwich at her request .
john is looking for a new car online .
mona has been having problems with her mobile and needs to get a new one .
exiling a permanent triggers etb . recently alleatha plays mtg rarely and only with prereleases .
phil forgot about dinner plans with sam and now she refuses to reschedule for tomorrow .
alex needs to repair a flat tire before he meets with mandy .
conor was in london and wasn't very busy . a new man starts on monday , conor will meet him before molly . in conor's view people show their colors after they get drunk .
taylor and valerie are going for a date at 7 30 and then to the concert at 9 p . m .
monica agrees that the costs she covered last night should be split between herself and helena except for apetizers which shall be on monica .
simon has booked a table for 8 . it was easy . simon will be in town after 7 and will go to cricketers first .
byron , chad and charlotte are going to the water park without calvert who has a bad day . byron will borrow his dad's car . charlotte will be ready in 2 hours .
tom has asperger's . his girlfriend deals with it very well and she's really nice .
sissy has finished gomorra . gabri will share netflix with sissy for a couple of beers a month . francesca strongly recommends narcos , the house of cards and a documentary on whitney . films worth watching , according to gabri , are virunga and icarus .
clara is from colombia and her community and family suffered because of pablo escobar . clara is therefore not watching the show narocs as she feels it represents escobar in a falsely positive way . clara finds the popularity of the show hurtful .
bruno is sick and won't be at work next week . marnie , jose and mia will decide on who can replace bruno .
tom was sick in the morning , so he didn't go to the lecture today . kathy will share her notes by email with jenny and tom . the deadline for the essay on the influence of jane austen s prose on literature was shortened and it's due next week . the test will probably be in three weeks' time .
lisa and darren will order food for stella , mike and amy , who will join them shortly . there was a huge accident on 278 .
liz is 14 weeks pregnant with damien , they're going to have twins . they are worried about it .
mr . petzold has decided not take the exam at the testing center , as he has been accepted into another ma program that doesn't require him to take it .
nancy is home cooking . francesca forgot her keys . she can enter because the door is open .
cage had a sporting accident 6 months ago . he will come to the training this weekend .
june's cat is recovering from a health issue . rob will take them to the veterinarian on thursday at around 6 pm .
sandy is looking for a new job , because she wants to resign from the current one next week .
brad and ashley broke up . mariah and jessica are excited to gossip about it . they'll meet in 10 minutes , at mariah's place .
rob has told him . rob will be pissed , if he gets sick in the morning .
samantha has just passed audley end in the train . henry will pick her up from the station .
xavier had an accident a falling teapot slashed his wrist and it had to be stitched up . he can't use his left hand for the next week . charlie will buy a week's food supply and some toilet paper for xavier and will help him with the housework . charlie will be at xavier's in about an hour .
nick left a dirty pan in the kitchen so nora is washing it again . nick promises it won't happen again .
martha will borrow one of barbie's dresses . both martha and barbie wear size 12 .
dan thinks virginia will be the last to legalize weed . gilbert and hector are thankful to live in washington . arkansas legalized it for medical purpose 2 years ago but amanda reckons there's no way to get a card .
matthew and sarah got engaged . karen sends them a picture from high school .
alexandra needs to get to nashville in order to visit her grandma the next weekend . brody can't help but jughead'll have some free time and can take alexandra to nashville .
jennifer has left some sandwiches for tim in the fridge .
rick requests nick to sign and send the papers back .
trish is going to give rose a friends t shirt . rose is going to wear it . she is a fan of the show .
joe has used the conference room without reserving it first . joe is dissatisfied with the current reservation system . frank urges joe to use the system anyway for now .
mum has gone to grandma's house . she cooked dinner before and put it in the fridge .
tom and carol tell aldona they are lost . tom is convinced google maps shows a wrong route . aldona confirms tom and carol are on a right way .
kaden wants to show zoé the place at 2 pm tomorrow .
mary needs to rest .
jean paul will come over to nick round 7 pm to look at the car he has for sale .
matt has left his homework at home and needs his mom , hermione , to bring it over before his math class at 2 pm . hermione will meet him at the school gate at 1 . 30 .
theo explains to tom that the recent prostests in france were motivated by high fuel prises and costs of living . jimmy and theo debate over the nature of the concept of populism .
georgina saw trevor at the club last week and got his number from memphis . they will meet on friday .
janet's camera is broken . she's undecided whether to buy canon or nikon . she used pentax and canon before . gina uses nikon . charles advises her to buy canon . daniel sent a link to the comparisons between cameras .
brent and ernesto are meeting in the city centre tonight .
tim and david are fed up with the internet speed . tim will call tech support tomorrow .
bella told albert that she accidentally met her aunt greta on a business trip . greta is having some health problems .
anne will phone paul when her plane touches down .
jennifer will replace vivian at work tomorrow .
mum just left .
anton wishes stevens he has a fabulous day .
alex is upset because she heard her parents shouting something . she will talk to them separately after school .
willie wants billy and brian to stop singing and they refuse as it isn't 10 p . m . yet .
alex lost 15 pounds on a birthday cake he did not receive . he reported this issue and is waiting on somebody to call him within a week .
rory has just got a male kitten .
henry has lost his oyster card . he's stuck in a queue in at tufnell , getting a new one . he will be late .
sam and anna will meet tomorrow in cineworld at 7 . 30 for a beer .
charlotte is writing her cv to apply for a junior sales assistant position and doesn't know what to put in the skills section . daniel advises her to look for examples on google . the competition for the position is high and charlotte doesn't meet all the requirements .
mike is looking for sam . susan haven't seen sam in a while , so she cannot help mike .
jim did not attend her wedding as he still loves her .
meryl and charles prefer to visit mauritius in february . tom prefers argentina . flight prices to mauritius and buenos aires are similar .
geraldine took a selfie with a girl's leg in the background to show it to bridger .
oksana missed her bus and she will be there in 10 minutes . mariam will try to stall , so that they can yell surprise all together .
ivo and beck will meet this weekend at that fancy restaurant near beck's work .
lilly and mark had a great stay at olivia and bill's place . bill had an emergency eye surgery because of retina displacement . he's slowly recovering now .
meryl got some free tickets to carnegie hall for stravinsky at 6 pm . john is happy to join and he might take someone too . they should dress decent .
gwen drew a portrait of trish from a photo she took at marie's party . trish loves it and wants to make it her profile picture .
mr . kenzo will travel to shanghai next week . ms . adley will book a b b for four days and a short flight .
marika hesitates whether or not she should buy the new iphone . she bought hers a couple of months ago , but wants the new one for better pictures .
jeremy's at a bookshop looking for a gift . ella suggests going for fantasy or non fiction . since he probably has all the fantasy books , jeremy decides to buy him non fiction .
rui congratulates mario on winning the match .
chantix works is a plill prescribed by a doctor , but it's not available in south africa , where ahmod lives .
john and tim will meet outside the railway station at 7 pm on friday and go for a drink . on saturday tim is having lunch with sara's mother . he has not met her before . sara's father died long ago .
ramona , nina and kimberly are meeting on friday at 7pm at ramona's apartment . ramona is going to cook , kimberly will choose movies to watch .
mark will follow josh no matter what peter and paul will decide .
harry has got the keys to the office . fred will come over in 10 minutes to pick them up .
raven and mr lewis have a meeting on wednesday at 9 00 .
she treated stacy really badly . stacy will tell the boss .
jodie went to the park with her child . jodie send her mom some photos with the child .
ella will bring matthew the same pen she has and he will pay her for it tomorrow .
adam has just played his first song he played with luke . they arrange to meet again on tuesday or thursday and do some music .
charlotte will borrow a skateboard from max . she's going with friends to the park after school . she doesn't know how to ride on a skateboard .
ovi just returned from israel and will be coming to school tomorrow . he only missed a few parties . israel was very warm . shyann liked his pictures .
lucy is going to work in the library . natalie is already there . xavier might join them in the evening .
rafal has sent others a grammar test and a business vocabulary worksheet . the deadline is next monday .
jay is going to the gym , mason will join him and bruce who's already there . they'll play volleyball if the gym's packed .
alice will prepare spaghetti for dinner tonight . ruby will buy some cheese .
mary and will discuss the party last night ; they talk about the fact that there were many people , they were drinking vodka , singing karaoke , smoking and it was extremely noisy .
patricia and ela will take the 7 . 45 bus tomorrow to go to the lecture .
gail likes true blood , which is set in louisiana . edward is a character from twilight . buffy the vampire slayer is about a girl who fights vampires . kyle doesn't think true blood is for him .
jordan , amy , andy , peter and patrice will take a train to get to the festival , and jordan will book five tickets for the train at 9 am .
brian wants to borrow 2000 . damian is broke . theo must talk to linda about it .
abdi will join the army next friday . dante is surprised , as abdi applied for the army service only 2 months ago . abdi will serve for 2 years for his country , which is divided into 2 countries . abdi is worried about his girlfriend , as he is unsure if she will wait for him or look for another partner .
ruth will call the plumber to have her leaking tap fixed .
ginevra doesn't want to eat dinner tonight with herby .
lizzy and tim are at the movies . tim is in the toilet , he'll be back in 5 minutes . lizzy will take popcorn and find the seats .
mia wants ida to go for a walk with her despite the rain .
nigel and brett have seen the first four episodes of true detective's third season and they like them . charles will watch this series too .
mike and two other men are playing squash tonight at 8 o'clock . adrian agrees to join them and approves of mike's idea of a mini tournament .
maxfield has no money nor food . wayne and sinclair won't help him .
alice thinks joana has been running late the last weeks . joana hasn't been feeling very well recently and should see a doctor . alice allows her to have some time off .
lennon wants to borrow money from caron . lennon needs 50 quid for saturday . caron had lent lennon some money before and lennon didn't pay back . lennon promises that this time he will give money back . caron will transfer money now .
poppy can't meet with thomas and jessica tomorrow because rachel has a cold .
bonnie keeps thinking about mark even though they broke up six month ago . cecily told her to try tinder and anne thinks casual dates may help bonnie forget about him , but she's not in the mood for that lately .
rick hasn't seen the new harry potter . harriet wants to watch it with him tonight .
derrick is not coming for the training tomorrow , because his elbow isn't fine yet .
kate will bring limes for david , who is making mojitos .
ewa found out from her brazilian friend that one needs to speak polish to donate blood in poland .
noah bought a great shaver recently , which cost him less than twenty dollars . liam is interested in it as well .
michelle will take joshua's shirt to the dry cleaner's at lunch time as he needs it on thursday .
billy received a picture from julie and was a bit puzzled because she has a boyfriend .
bobby and ulrich bought tickets for the concert of the band that played here 12 years ago .
martha set judith up on a date with her colleague justin .
cody wanted to say something to theo but forgot .
andrew watched blinded by the lights by zulczyk in two days and finished yesterday on hbo go . andrew will watch it at the weekend .
victor needs batteries . luke suggests checking the shop at the corner .
alexinho has just posted a youtube video where he shows his beatbox skills . bart is going to watch it . alexhino confesses that he had some issues with editing . bart recommends asking peter for help .
fran feels stressed with work . fran will try yoga this sunday at 7 in the sports centre . debbie will pick fran up .
ashley and austin are looking for each other in a shopping mall .
brad will make french fries following sandy's recipe .
george and lucy want to buy a dashboard camera for lennie's birthday . the camera costs 140 . minny refuses to take part in the purchase .
madison is on her way to join william for dinner .
kevin agrees to not call lisa lis anymore as she hates it .
rick needs to borrow five bucks from jim .
jack and john are disappointed with the weather and the place they're staying in . they want to leave for rome .
alice is waiting for her wedding photos . she and her friends will have a viewing party on the weekend . johnny might organise a guys' night on barbara's request .
samantha and jay are going to have a coffee at starbucks . jay dislikes costa coffee .
this year kieran has decided to listen to a different album every day . last year cass listened to the rolling stones albums and found it a great experience . david recommends the music of warren zevon , david grey , ed sherran and divide . john's recommendation is exciteable boy .
monica destroyed the door . monica works extra today so she will call a person to repair it tomorrow .
gigi made a delicious steak last week . kim wants a recipe so she can make dinner tonight .
kurt will try to convince his mother to buy him a puzzle that is in fact for his father .
simon is coming back monday the latest . he is catching the afternoon flight after his last meeting . meghan is picking simon up from the airport . simon can't wait to see meghan .
orla wants to watch ralph movie but dexter would prefer creed .
calleigh forgot to buy toilet paper at his mother's request . evan will do it for him .
mario wants anna to give him one promo code for party pass . anna gives him the code . it doesn't work at first , but works after refreshing the page .
britney , ashley and kristen are going to cherry club tonight .
shawn will lend molly his guitar and teach her how to play it .
rachel and ben split up recently but she doesn't want to discuss it . daniel and amy broke up , too . rachel will bring some food to the party , daniel will bring something to drink .
tom and konrad will go shopping one day . tom met natalia in ireland . tom likes rafael from portugal , because he's funny .
oscar will pick poppy up on saturday at 5 to take a walk and then go to the post rock concert of oscar's friend's band that starts at 7 pm .
gustav is busy finishing his dissertation which is due next week .
there's a new song from bts . maya and amber both love it .
jessie has sent logan some suggestions of the things she'd like to get for christmas .
joshua struggles with calculus so tomorrow he will meet with lila in the library to study together .
jess is frustrated as she can't stop thinking about a certain man .
logan and his girlfriend made up . they will go at vicky's place tonight .
calvin and kate met for the first time last night , despite travelling to the same destination everyday . calvin is intrigued by kate's bird tattoo , showing it off with his sense of humour .
jon's coming home for christmas , but hasn't booked his tickets yet . he'll fly with auntie shayla on 20 december and go back with her to toronto after new year's eve . jon won't be coming with shyann who's going to her parents in charlottetown .
mathew , joseph and claire are going to the airport . the estimated arrival time of the plane is 8 30 , but it might be late .
bobbi will see kirsty at lectures tomorrow and have a coffee afterwards .
loly and sisi are very excited about some handsome man .
alex is angry with what another girl did . owen told deacon what happened . alex does not want owen to intermeddle .
amka and mick don't have any special plans for halloween and neither does chris as halloween much celebrated in poland .
david sold carly a broken car and has been uncooperative ever since . carly has hired a solicitor to solve the situation .
tom is flying back home . chris asks tom to go in to school at 7 . 10 am . chris and tom express their opinions about flying . it appears that they are both okay with it .
elis' car is out of order and he's going with jacob . kay wants jacob to pick her up from home for school .
sam is still at work . paula , martha and sam will meet tonight at paula's place .
peter is selling his land to mark . mark will pay 10 tomorrow . peter will complete the paperwork within a week . the transaction will be concluded in 2 weeks . they will meet tomorrow at mark's lawyer's office . mark will send peter the address .
laura confirms that margot is coming to the meeting and keeps asking her how long it will take .
a charity worker from the ngo was killed in the attack in kenya . al shabab is responsible for it .
bianca suffers from muscle and joint sore . she is undergoing a therapy . she has an appointment scheduled with her physician for tuesday .
jody looks for her jacket with flower pattern on it . she assumes that danica took the jacket , as she always take jody's stuff without asking her .
dan attended the pta meeting this week . jenny needs some information , because she wasn't there . school scheduled midterms for the second week of january . there won't be classes during the midterms . dan and jenny are frustrated , because they won't be able to pick up their children .
breakfast is served 7 30 11 00 .
crystal and jeremy are signing up tonight . crystal will wear the new dress .
paulina went to the gym , did some shopping and studied today .
it's grandma's day today . brooke is getting some potted flowers for her grandma .
jay bought a dodgers jersey that later turned out to be a bit smaller , but he can still wear it . monica saw his snaps where it looks he's having a good time .
prince philip had a car accident . he is 97 .
barbara is reading 3 weeks' worth of administrative correspondence . it's raining heavily where barbara is . it's warm and partly cloudy where mona is . mona is visiting museum of contemporary african art later today . barbara has to get back to work .
laura and veronica are looking at their old photos .
lilly's just received a postcard from boston . joan and mick sent it 2 months ago .
bob has not heard about the birds .
mia will bring her friend for wednesday classes with paula at 4 pm .
anna will bring her car navigation to mark . he and adam will try to fix it for her .
amy is going to croatia this summer . paula tells amy to visit the archaeological museum , dubrovnik , beaches and islands .
lupa will be taking risk management classes . martha had it last year . it was boring , but didn't require much studying , as they had a good teacher . she can't remember the name of their book , but if she can find it , she'll send lupa a picture . lupa needs to talk to martha in person about something .
daisy is coming to barcelona on the first weekend of february . eleonor is not coming with daisy . daisy will call alex for advice on what to visit . daisy and alex will meet on saturday .
darcy's spent the first day at the university and he feels overwhelmed . fiona have already made a few friends there .
zoe and jack are texting during class .
rachel and josh had a photo session . it was a present from mags . they will see the photos in a few days , then they'll choose 5 or 6 and the photographer will finish them off .
jane is in ikea looking for a carpet . the one that she likes is out of stock . charles doesn't like any of the carpets .
john will be 10 minutes late . ann will wait for him by the door with popcorn and large coke .
laura and ed will meet ethy and peter at the funeral . peter will read a lecture at the cemetery and not at the council house . they will have a drink together after the funeral if peter is not tired .
cyril left the keys to his flat for mattie . steve will bring them back next time they meet . both steve and cyril will attend the meeting at the hq next month , with all the directors from the retail branch .
monica has had a dentist in warsaw for 3 years . he's name is chris . his phone number is 434 312 122 .
there will be a parade on saturday , july 7th . it will start at 2 o'clock , last for about 2 hours and end with a party . ginny , betty and nate want to participate . victor will join them later .
mike will call mom in a minute .
amber and hugh didn't invite lilly to go with them to a concert tonight . heather invites her to go to the cinema with her and her high school friends instead .
molly is watching noah through the window . she wants noah to stop eating the hummus .
natalia suggests magdalene that she shouldn't pay to much attention to the clothing as it's just a simple occasion .
ben doesn't have enough experience to work for blake's company . he needs to get more qualified . blake suggested to him some courses that will help .
alexis doesn't know that there was a far right plot to attack emmanuel macron . john heard the news on cnn . alexis heard that national rally of marine le pen is leading the polls ahead of the election in may .
adam finds it difficult to get back to writing after finishing the fifth chapter .
chelsea is almost falling asleep . gavin is really stressed and he's having panic attacks . after a quick chat , he feels better .
paige is coming to eliza for wine at 8 .
peter doesn't know when the shops are open , and when they are closed . lance finds it easy to remember .
sven and peter enjoyed their time together . they will ask jim to join them next time . next year sven will organize it .
kate , manuel and terry are meeting in 30 minutes at hyde park . they are going to ride bicycles .
annie lies she's at home . jack is at home . stephanie will be there in 5 minutes .
jamie is planning holidays in italy . he wants to visit venezia , padova , milan , treviso and small villages in the north . margaret recommends also visiting cinque terre , dolomites and lake como . jamie doesn't ski .
ben informs mary that there is someone claiming to have found with use of a google earth map a missing boeing 777 in a jungle .
charles will buy something for breakfast and supper for mary on his way home . he will also make pancakes today .
joan invites vivi to lunch in town today .
nick will come over to jean paul's tomorrow after 6 pm to check out the laptop jean paul is selling .
anna is crazy about the new song .
nathan will be 10 minutes late .
donna is looking for a tennis coach . carol wants to go play tennis too .
margaret , nancy , lisa , george , amanda and william will meet tonight .
margaret will grab some pizza for paul .
felix's coming to berlin on 21st and is staying there till the end of the month . felix and roxy agree to hit rigoletto .
they joke about sex being a sinful endeavour .
jane and kayla saw phillip's backpack in the office .
rosie is going to lend carl 10 dollars .
laura's cat , mew is not feeling well , so she will give him some warmed up tuna or boiled up chicken breasts . she might take him to the vet .
mindy is going to prepare the sauce for steaks according to mia's recipe .
darcy is going to the library while julia is going to the gym . julia is going to join darcy in two hours .
violet sent claire austin's article .
cindy was taking minutes at the staff meeting last week . bill lost his roster and doesn't have cindy's number . mike texts cindy's number to bill . bill might have to prepare a report for the next meeting , but is not sure as he lost his notes . the next meeting is in 2 days . bill will contact cindy .
the lecture begins at 10 .
andy was on holiday . carly suggests that they should go together for a cruise holiday . they want to take a balcony suite . andy and carly arranged a meeting on friday to discuss their holiday .
the government found 1billion to help the dup while they decided to give less than 1 a citizen for charity .
vanessa is going to spend 4 days in florence . darcy recommends a restaurant called trattoria boboli near the ponte vecchio and suggests they visit siena . natalie might be able to give further recommendations .
pete sent mike a picture of pete's new baseball shirt .
annie can't fall asleep . brad is watching the new netflix original , the chilling adventures of sabrina . annie will make a cup of warm milk and try to sleep .
mary can't cover for adam because she is stuck at home with gill , who has a flu . joe will cover for adam .
alex can't go out tonight with mia , because he got sick .
chris injured his hip when he fell in the snow in march .
lydia haven't seen '13 reasons why' . clara recommends it very much . hannah didn't like the series , but she found it interesting . lydia will give '13 reasons why' a chance .
assissi is angry with him because he forgot about going to the restaurant with assissi .
eddie prepared some horror movies and ethan'll bring some beer . eddie informs ethan that he bought a pool table for 200 and they can play afterwards .
kristen is going to the prom . she consults her outfit with dana , ray and will .
billy forgot his anniversary with stephanie . they don't spend time together lately , because after the promotion bill has a heavy workload . he called earlier to say he may be late .
artur will make a bank transfer for the deposit tomorrow . he has also sent his dad his flight number to warsaw . so far artur has passed 10 out of 13 exams .
lucy will be in town tomorrow and she will meet with george .
tim has recently changed his phone and doesn't have all of his contacts yet . bart came back from bulgaria yesterday . tim considered meeting bart in wroclaw as he is already in poland . tim is back in cracow now , but he's leaving for canada tomorrow for 3 weeks .
lisa has been on two dates recently with different guys .
randy and abigail will spend the weekend in the spa . the children will stay with their grandparents , jack and mia .
britney will visit port bar in port town on jessica's recommendation . jessica is spending her vacation at her parents' summer house . britney is invited to visit jessica there . jessica is coming back on tuesday .
noah and olivia will be out of town for this weekend , and they will not see hugh jackman at the restaurant .
alice and john need to write a letter in german and study for the test in geometry .
alice has a problems with changing the size of the photos . jack will help alice do that within the next two days .
henry doesn't have that red shirt .
ian has just finished the book . evan will tell him tomorrow what to read next .
there is a lot to be done in the room of johnson and wade . johnson arranged a man to come and fix it but wade seems to have forgotten .
thomas lent his ipad to jeff . it seems that jeff has gone missing and changed his phone number . thomas has no other choice than to wait for jeff's reply .
sil wants to take dancing lessons before her wedding . she plans to start on wednesday . adam , her fiancé , refuses .
sara is coming to silvia's apartment tonight around 22 30 . there is an iron , hairdryer , towels , maps , cutlery etc . there . silvia's sister catia will be waiting with the keys . sara will pay the deposit and the tax 60 euro in cash to her . catia does not speak english , but her husband does .
scott just came back with some stuff to fix the door , but he didn't see the broken window before .
winston will have the data filled by tonight . marie and peter think it is better not to rely on predicted numbers , and use 2014 instead . winston will prepare slides , and he will have it ready before the class .
leo wants to learn spanish and he needs advice on language learning apps . they discuss duolingo , memrize and pimsleur , which is good because it makes you talk .
cyla is going to bed . max and cyla will see each other tomorrow .
barbara invited john for drinks at scolt's head at 17 . 15 . john accepted the invitation .
ben and mandy are going to gwen's home which is in k 710 in ben and gwen's colony .
they discuss lesbians living together and how it compares to heterosexual couples living together .
matthew , denis and jack will meet tomorrow at 5 p . m . outside .
samanta got married .
veronica has sent paul donaghy a friend requests on facebook . paul donaghy wanted to verify if she really did , as he had received several request from hacked accounts .
isla went shopping today . she bought shoes , jewellery , 2 tops , a handbag and a clutch at a good price . amelia and isla will go shopping tomorrow .
jack will finish doing his homework in 2 hours . jack and blaire will go jogging in the park together .
ben is going to be later , at 12 30 pm due to flight cancellation . alexander will try to find owen in malinche .
the homework for dr . leapington is due tomorrow and consists of writing a summary of the article that was given to the students . this time the summary has to be structured in points and sub points .
jenny invites anne and marianne to the new year's eve that she's organising with her friends from the academy of fine arts . the festivity begins at 8 pm and everyone's bringing some vegan food .
posey and matt are going skiing for the weekend . ash is busy and can't go . cooper would like to join in the future .
harry won't play football today , because he has to help his mother . marcus is not playing in the match , because there is too many players .
ben needs to print a contract urgently , but the printer is out of ink and there are no more cartridges . ben will come to amy's office to copy the contract onto his pen drive . amy has ordered new cartridges .
nia will have to take the first shift tomorrow . she has a doctor appointment at 11 , but it's not far from the restaurant . it shouldn't take more than 2 hours , so pearlie will fill in for her . jeanette can't take that shift , because she has to stay with her kid .
yoseph turned on the dishwasher and is out in the city now . henry will join yoseph after he finishes work .
caroline has planned the whole trip . they arrive at 4 , take a 40 min bus ride to the hotel . then they change and go for a walk around the vatican city . the next day they will get up around 7 30 and see the castle of saint angel , the di trevi fountain , spanish steps , piazza navona and the colosseum .
alice and dylan will go shopping on the first weekend of december . they want to buy santa gifts for their kids .
dane recommends his friends a drawing tutorial . it's affordable and very helpful .
lennon will buy dinner for sue and andy on his way home . andy wants cod and chips , and sue will go with steak , kidney pie and chips .
bob is in new york . elie will come and pick him up from his hotel at 9 am tomorrow . he will meet her team and barbara .
elisabeth has done her assignment bar 5 questions . anthony has not started his yet .
cindy has just bought concert tickets for her and mandy .
lidia is waiting for caesar and tom outside tesco .
lucian has rare tickets to an ice skating performance next month and invites emilia to join him . his sister can't come because of a trip .
nuno is giving out some of his stuff as he's decluttering his house . yoyo will get dixit and blue magic the gathering deck . sasuka will take posters . neville will be given a red and a blue shirt .
adam and will are going to paddys at 7 .
danny has a gig at the steelworks next wednesday . gab will help him with loading and unloading of the gear . they will meet at the venue at 1 pm .
jake is flabbergasted that mom knew where his charger is .
javier will be at a meeting with jake in 5 minutes .
max is going to moma with lydia as she has 2 free tickets for tomorrow at 2 pm .
next month , amanda's cousin is getting married to another woman , who she met through a dating app a year ago . the family doesn't have any problem with that . patrick , amanda's brother , also got married to someone of the same sex and lives with his husband in boston .
will is going to town to get new clothes . kai wants to borrow money from will . kai already owes will money . will and kai settle the debt on 40 pounds . kai promises to pay will back next friday as then he will get paid for his new job . will will pick kai up around 1 .
dan wants jenny to help him , because he has ran out of milk .
tonight james will stay at home , listen to music and read . frank asks about coming to the party , but instead of answering , james points out some minor mistakes in his spelling and punctuation .
jessica is looking for a flat . sergio's friend is letting out his studio .
peter is reading about ecoterrorism and has thoughts about the future of humankind .
adrian will have a job interview this thursday at 12 00 .
harry is looking for an android app that allows one to listen to music from youtube with the screen off . he won't find them , as youtube blocks such apps , because they violate some copyright . harry and jim agree that there are too many advertisements on youtube .
jadwiga will finish the project at 12 . 00 tomorrow . since the deadline was for 8 . 00 , lloyd will remember about it when calculating her monthly bonuses .
javier congratulated wally on writing a valuable facebook post .
there was an odd german at the party yesterday who resembled harry potter . nick looks like hagrid .
meghan wonders if fong ould would like some coffee . ashley confirms .
mike shares a photo of the home he lived in from 1988 until now . he's moving because he starts a new life with linda .
lore is going to return to the hostel so she can climb the mountain early in the morning . gina would like to stay at the street celebrations . she also wants to climb the mountain so might go back after all .
daniel got a commission outside liv , a kitchen with stone worktops , to be finished within 10 days and paid in cash .
liam and alexander find the video tom sent strange .
david and ryan will go to harvey's place at 9pm tonight to see the ritual . tommy has the deadline today so he will be working .
veronica bought a new phone last year , but wants to buy the new iphone . she prefers the smaller model in a rose gold casing . the new iphone is very expensive . veronica will probably borrow money or take a loan to buy the phone .
peter will check for theresa if it's snowing , once he gets up .
harvey is not coming tonight .
brenda is coming by train to birmingham at 11 . 30 am on saturday . sandra will pick her up from the station around 11 . 45 . they will go to dolphin hotel on castle street , because jollys closed .
becky has won a smaller prize at the lottery . to celebrate , she will go for drinks with julie .
georgina and molly are about to cross the border to laos . john is envious .
monica forgot stan's books . stan needs them on friday . monica has to bring them tomorrow .
niall wants to buy a new phone . he wants an inexpensive android . he will speak to jack soon .
karen shared a photo of drunk steve with mike .
mary shares a photo of her new kitchen with her dad dan and rose . work on mary's new house is not finished , they are still working on the guest bathroom . she has already bought all the materials . the countertop in her kitchen is quartz .
aubrey and anne are going to a clothing outlet to find a prom dress for aubrey .
linta will send ayesha the picture of adam's shoes . ayesha will buy the same shoes for joseph after sunday .
horacy and flora are going iceskating tomorrow . horacy will pick her up from school at 3 .
it's sunny and warm . tom and june will meet in an hour for a walk in the central park .
mina is looking for a shop she has been told about . it is nearby chace's house . chace will pick mina up .
arthur and harper had a science test . they both agree that the question with ships was bizarre and could have been better phrased .
isla will be picking jacob up at 7 . emily hasn't confirmed if she's coming .
boris is going for a smoke in 5 min . derren doesn't smoke .
doreen's heart operation has gone well , but she remains on icu for observation . john will contact angie and nancy when doreen can receive visitors .
sophie is shocked at the fact that ariana grande and pete davidson broke up .
ella is coming .
lync and brock will watch the upcoming episode of prison break together ar lync's .
alex will bring the free face cream samples for maya and jonna to the next fitness class .
if one reads comic books , graphic novels or watches films about superheroes , he she becomes a better person . according to the article , superheroes reflect people's best qualities .
nick and josh will try to play golf together next weekend .
edward bought a computer yesterday but it doesn't work . he will contact the seller .
liz and fiona are disgusted with something .
stacy throws a dress up party . chritina wants to show her black dress off . she will dress up as maleficent . she will bring wine .
sophie , patrick and claire will make a pizza together tonight .
carlos is finishing up his assignment . he will come to luca's room and they will go to eat .
arnold schwarzeneger was an expert in one of the panel discussions at the climate summit in poland . he said out of the blue that he owns 6 hammers .
jim is going to be late . the trafiic is terrible .
miles is mad at addison because she bought stickers for jojo . he's afraid jojo will mess the house with them .
carolyn calls people and asks for donations . phoebe can't afford to make a donation this time , so she won't pick up the phone .
jada favourited melina . melina wrote a poem . jada posted some stories on fictionpress but didn't make it to the finals of the competition . she can't join any after school clubs .
layla is feeling better now and realises she shouldn't have drunk so much .
jill has clothes to give away . sonia and hillary will come to hers on thursday at 7 30 .
the last time kerry was there he was with paula . not much has changed there . there is more fast food there .
samuel got drops that he should take two or three times a day . a handwritten note was attached to the package , which he found very thoughtful . carter advised him to take two drops before bedtime .
mary , tom and jeff will meet on friday to discuss the visit to peter .
gail doesn't want to meet up with james .
jim will be there in 5 minutes .
leila's laptop is overheating . joel will help her .
lilly has been googling herself . she found embarrassing photos of herself from the high school .
tom's mum cooked some soup .
matthew is getting the shower resealed at nevaeh and carlos' house .
jack and betty met at a party . they're going to the cinema to watch a romantic comedy next tuesday .
they're planning to close victory street for reconstruction . there are going to be traffic jams which worries tim and rob , because they commute . joe walks to work every day .
toni's pants are in his top drawer .
ben got laid off because of insufficient monthly sales .
amanda asks joe if he could send her his biology notes . joe will send the notes via e mail . the test is in two weeks .
it is nearly 10 am but devin is not up yet and needs at least one hour to get ready . jermaine will be in his place in 45 minutes .
thomas wants to meet page . it's impossible , because she came back to her hometown .
robert and seth are working on their projects . seth has to finish his this week because he will be travelling to berlin next week .
jane is a little bit disappointed with the mary queen of scots movie . jules will see it anywas .
patric and john are meeting up at 9pm at market square .
sally may organize an autumn baloon flight and rachel may join her .
pete , patty , kim and josh will go to the beach on the leeward coast in the morning . they will go to windward coast beach in the afternoon .
jake and his friend from chicago want to bike across europe to the balkans in the summer . jake is considering several routes , one of which involves poland and ukraine . on one of the routes jake would pass through the place where emily grew up .
kate and mary are meeting at 7pm at mary's place . kate will leave her car there , because paul will drive them back from town .
ina took 10 from eddie for a doctor's appointment . eddie wants to come for her later , but she doesn't need it .
earl and marcos will wait inside for aaron who missed his bus .
simone has so many projects to do that she doesn't have time for her proper work . joseph is in nantes , but he doesn't find anything interesting in the archive there . only marry is pleased with her work results .
bruce needs to change a job soon because of mr . hawkins .
yyy
ralph has asked leah to come to his office on her way back from the kitchen .
gabe is coming over to larry's to play games on ps4 .
bianca wants marya to pick up sheldon from school at around 3 . 30 . marya will be on time .
nobody likes summer's new hair style . max likes them straight .
dave will take care of carrie's car and bring them lunch . dave wants carrie to ease up on her working hour .
george needs toilet paper .
susie is in bed with her laptop .
poppy will let stanley know if she needs more jars . stanley and poppy don't know if they have a meeting this week .
mum is in sainsbury's . sue asks her to buy 2 small candle bulbs for new lamps .
noemi and ricky just met . they had sex . noemi came back home safe and sound . she wouldn't stay at rick's . she prefers sleeping in her own bed .
kris broke into lady pratchet's house and stole a glove as a souvenir .
ida wants to get a ticket for a concert for her sister . mark will see what he can do about it . he is afraid the tickets have sold out .
noah will be late , he's in a traffic jam .
john will come to new year's eve party and bring a salad .
nnadi feels great thanks to the new japanese joint pain relief formula . debbie made some without garlic and olivia wants to try it .
brexit vote is being postponed . linda and jack are tired of politicians dragging it out .
mattie is broke as he had to pay a lot for the dentist .
chris was at a wild party . the worst thing that happened was cooking luke's most valuable fish , nemo .
diego talks greg out of his conspiracy theories about the moon landing scam .
carter and talbot are going to see some standup on saturday . ulf and barton don't like it , so they're meeting for a beer instead .
sally will drop by jo's at 3pm to help her .
dan is interested in buying rob's car . dan will go to cardiff on sunday to see it .
stowe is bored .
mandy's cat is called miranda .
olaf will go with hugo to a game this saturday at 4 pm . they will meet at 3 pm near the a1 gate .
hannah wants monopoly board game . according to ridge , an improved version of this game is worth considering .
as coffee at the university is rather expensive , james has been thinking about buying a portable electric kettle to boil water in the classroom . lily thinks it's not a good idea .
caroline and justina went to a gala tonight and both looked amazing .
tilda has no motivation to study . she has a test in ten days . agnes sends her some music suitable for studying . tilda will give it a chance ,
the transportation has been arranged so luca and jake in full uniform and rhonda in civilian clothes are meeting at 4 . 30 . jake's still waiting for his laundry so he has to make sure at the reception the clothes are ready on time . they have a 25 discount at the hotel .
alan's got a surprise for mindy .
helene had a disagreement with her manager and she reported it . helene will probably get a reprimand . kolby hopes helene won't lose her job .
wyatt is taking a week off and wants to stay at home watching movies and playing games . avery needs holiday too .
the meeting starts at 9 . a . m . raymond expects zack and sharon ten minutes earlier .
ben isn't doing anything today . kevin has a lot to do today .
the history classes that nathaniel , patrick and peter attend will be at 2 p . m . from now on .
gustav have a parrot , it doesn't talk but sings . vinnie finds it sweet .
terence thinks he's seriously sick but she hasn't gone to the doctor's yet .
alice left a tablet on the plane after she landed in london . naomi is going to do some yoga and eat lunch .
chloe got into grad school . patrick is proud of chloe . chloe and patrick are going out tonight around 10 pm .
fiona has found it .
declan asks charlie for agatha cooke's phone number and is informed that it is 765 938 451 . neither declan nor charlie know how to login to the dropbox and it is not clear what they are supposed to do , so charlie suggests they have another meeting .
marge forgot about lunch with fernando . she'll be there in less than 15 minutes .
mom and dad are not home to prepare food for robert . robert is hungry but he cannot go to the woodies for dinner . mom will be home shortly .
eve invited mary for horse riding in smarzewo . they are going to meet at the shops on friday at 5 p . m .
fedora is having a cosmetics consultant tonight so jonas wants shayla to join . shayla will let him konw if she can make it .
jiovanni is sleeping in classes because he has been playing world of warcraft . marcel warned jiovanni that he may fail the exams if he won't study .
greg and his partner have urgent matters to solve at work today . linda will babysit for them .
john has stocked up on beer for tomorrow . paul and john are meeting tomorrow after 8 pm .
alexis is not coming to town because she has 1 dollar and the fare is 1 . 5 .
mike is going to the gym after work . then he's going home and he will eat and play destiny 2 with jason .
bob and jen discuss their dinner plans . they want to prepare sushi . jen would have to go to the store to get the products . she wants to order it from amazon . bob agrees .
sarah will write an update about the theme of the christmas party misunderstood carols on the event page .
adam cancelled an event . dave is going to stay at home with gaby , who has a flu . gina is sick too , even though she , liam and kirsten had their flu shots in october .
morton wants to go to dubai as he's found a cheap flight next thursday . hettie's brother was there last year . oberon and peyton suggest he talks to vinnie first .
ariana is in london and danielle recommends her some places to visit .
sandra is sick and is taking the medication prescribed by the doctor .
sammy brown is going to bring two basketfuls of cooking apples and one basketful of dessert apples for mary woodson in the afternoon .
barbara congratulates vera an anniversary . barbara has an anniversary too and she can't wait the to see what surprise john prepared for her . vera is going on a date to celebrate her anniversary .
terry is in brussels , he's leaving tomorrow morning . theresa is going to brussels again tomorrow . she's marrying paul on friday as a formality to get the belgian citizenship after brexit . jean will celebrate with theresa on friday night .
michael saw john's register with ava , who wanted to copy notes .
mark has a weekend off so wants to go to the botanics . mark and julie agree on saturday afternoon . jo isn't sure at the moment and will give julie a call later .
denise is moving to the new apartment , which will be closer to the uni . jess broke up with her boyfriend and she wants to move to warsaw , so denise won't be able to pay the rent alone . denise has her last class at 6 , so her mum will call her on skype at 8 . 30 . dad will be home soon too .
jonathan doesn't want to go on the field trip , but it's mandatory . the group work will be marked and he needs to impress to pass the class .
jocelyn is afraid of a big spider she found .
sisi wishes dr phisik's lecture was cancelled just like the last time , but he is already back . sisi and bobo are overwhelmed with the material they need to study for his exam , so they won't miss this class .
rob will pick up hazel with his car . evan takes an uber .
it's very cold in hugh's apartment . frank will help him find a contractor to put is a modern glass door . this will make the apartment warmer .
mia got her facebook account back to sell her bed on one of facebook groups .
irma just got her master's degree . helen and the whole family are proud of her .
conor thinks jill is hitting on him as she gives him a lot of eye contact . conor doesn't like her and will ignore her as carson advised him to do .
erin has thrown up because she is hungover . jacob advises drinking water and taking a nap .
lolly's 4 year old son was watching the weather channel this morning as he has a crush on the girl who appears there .
lia will join maria and tom at the canteen .
pete is showing mike his new baseball shirt and mike likes it .
william and shari have mistakenly received wishes for 29th birthday . william isn't going to the reunion .
tom's friend shopped too much and owes the bank around 100k . sam spends around 2k a month .
mary is pregnant . mary has just split with simon .
jim , derek and patricia have no internet connection . derek will call the provider .
she sent some pictures how to arrive , but they are not readable . tristan is going there by car . he will join shelby in 15 20 minutes at the petrol station and show her the way .
the pizza for lucas , mike and bella has arrived . it's downstairs .
ann , marie and silvia will stay in corralejo tomorrow . they will go to the beach .
nicole's dog trixy is sick . she stayed at home to take care of it . quinn and delilah might come later to keep her company .
joe is going to kiev and the rest of ukraine in january by train . his friend , leo , will help him . luke worries about the cost and immigration procedures . he will check his exam dates before giving an answer by the end of the week . .
karen has a job interview this afternoon .
konnor spends most of his time on youtube watching liza koshy's channel . dermi wants a link to it .
lilianne , jeremy , stephen and matthew are going to the party on thursday at 9 pm . josephine's mom is sick so she'll probably have to go home on thursday .
yonas is driving to calgs for christmas and can give jc a ride .
rose got her period so she cannot swim . gina shared with rose her period playlist on spotify .
gina orders hank to buy flowers .
dora can't come to kev's party . her mum's ill and she has to take care of lucy .
danielle and haley are disappointed with the way house of cards ended . they agree it was not the same without kevin spacey's character .
zelda and leisha came back from a scout camp . they had their first shower in 10 days . they would like to go for the next camp , but their parents probably won't let them . in winter scouts don't sleep in tents but in empty schools or government buildings etc .
she has a friend , joanna , who posts a lot on social media . gail and julia would never do that .
amanda lost her swimming costume . if she can't find one , joiner and she will go for a walk .
kate wants gina to buy it because it's cheap .
richard is supposed to call tom's mother .
jacob is sending emily the streaming site for the uefa final . jacob is supporting real madrid . emily is supporting liverpool .
ada will come to gigi at about noon tomorrow to get a spath . gigi is at home with a baby .
hunter is flying to paris on dec 26th , evan on the 27th . thomas has found a 25 flight for the 26th . it will cost more than 50 with luggage .
camilla and cindy will come to domenico's work at 9 pm .
doylan is wondering when he should party , and when to go home . he considers going home on friday and partying on saturday .
according to jules , elsa accesories will make a good present . she works less now . anna is preparing for the friday's exam .
matthew needs michael to respond to mr . nicholson's demand .
thomas bought a 2004 ford focus 1 . 4 on wednesday . he needs to get his licence and some practice to be able to work in service desk on call role . the car works in the uk and in ireland as well .
thomas is informing marshall that broderick spencer accessed the lab last night . thomas doesn't want marshall to talk to anyone about it as it'll turn out he has the backup system , which is forbidden by his agreement . instead marshall can control broderick closely and even spy on him .
charlie is in new york . rachel will see charlie when he's back in a week .
estrella is going to try and get a job in lisbon for 2 months commencing late june or july . when in lisbon , estrella will meet maximilian . if estrella does not get a job , she will come to portugal anyway and stay in sintra for 2 weeks then head to faro .
too general ; no specific info .
rose's birthday is on july 7 . bessie is trying not to forget about it this year .
olivia got a job offer for project manager position in rennes . they offer her 40k per year . she doesn't know yet if she wants this job .
kathryn is thinking of buying a game with music practice for ron's birthday next year .
austin , cara and dwight will meet at shabu shabu around 4 pm .
amelia will return frank's jacket tomorrow .
denise's mom is still in the hospital , but she feels better now . she will get some treatment and she will be released .
hugh is running late to the cinema . walter is already inside and the ads are already on .
sally and kelly have a hen party tomorrow . they will drink prosecco on the train , which departs to cardiff at 10 10 .
noelle will get some juice for buck . it can be any juice apart from grapefruit .
martha wants a banana juice . sebastian thinks martha has a period . his remark makes her angrier .
dad went to niagara on the lake on sunday . dad's pain has moved from his back to his right foot . dad has been to the doctor . bobby will find the title of a book with exercises and text it to dad .
rob needs help in deciding whether to delete pending posts on the group or not .
alice will probably buy a ps game for bryan for christmas . ava hates buying presents for boys .
dylan is headlining the music fest in hyde park . iris is going to see him . liam hates dylan's voice .
aisha suspects megan of snooping around in her bedroom . she can smell her perfume . megan doesn't admit to doing that . aisha considers locking her bedroom .
greg and sophie broke up in a dramatic way in front of their co workers . now greg wants to split a 180 dollar bill for a dinner they ate together . he wants to meet at the same restaurant and get his money in cash .
john is arriving in madrid at 7pm on the 29th instead of the 28th , and marcela and pablo are leaving madrid also on the 29th from t2 . they check in at 22 , so there's a chance they meet anyways at the bar .
leonard's father bought a smartphone . leonard is teaching him how to use whatsapp .
mark has just bought a new mody cd .
talia and olga hate going outside . they disapprove of the men you can meet there .
martha informs jane that she can bring jag whenever she wants as they're home . jane's going to watch the play with the girls . martha wants to join them and asks jane to book two tickets for them . jane'll book the tickets tomorrow and martha'll pay for it on wednesday .
rachel wasn't picking up her phone because it's been on mute since 3 years . this way she's in control of when she wants to talk to people . rose is calling her again now .
oscar sent marta a link with the program of todays conference .
kenya's phone is finally updating after jamie's advice
ben will give jayde back one of her english books .
somebody's stressed , probably because he has to spend time with the family .
this time yuri didn't start the fight . grey has got yuri's back .
will is in cancun and he is drinking bloody marys . he spent time mostly partying and enjoying the weather , food and drinks . he tried many types of tequila and avocados , which he will bring for his friends . except from chocolate tequila and avocado , lu also wants a magnet .
kieran haven't filed his taxes for 3 months and he owes 10 dollars .
mona and lisa are going to the new pub called museum on high street saturday night .
olympia bought stickers at aliexpress .
gigi is doing the mand , kia the landmarks and kiko notes for the landmarks . they meet at 7 at kiko's .
dale's new sleeping pills are working well . rory is cold all the time and hates it as it makes him lazy . dale finds the new clinton documentary interesting and recommends the comedy series curb your enthusiasm to rory . rory recommends an investigative series the sinner .
greg has eaten emilie's yoghurt by accident . she's mad .
the prices for the archeological site are 37 for a 1 day pass , 3 day pass us 62 and 7 day pass us 72 .
maria will turn on the heating .
frank is going to collect his car around 5 pm from mot test station .
it's snowing outside . rory wants to go skiing and will find out if she can get the car from her dad today .
rodger and sidney registered to vote . they want the democrats to win to recover from trump . sidney is seeing rodger to grab mexican food in 10 minutes .
alice is at magda's place . mark can't join them today and on friday because of work . he would like to meet on sunday .
mary is looking for someone who does good make ups . alex recommends someone who works at some commercial stuff . kate recommends her sister . mary will call both of them .
according to the article that sam has posted , reading comic books and watching superhero movies makes us better people , because we want to identify with the protagonists and we try to be like them .
everybody's at the airport apart from joan . there was a traffic jam , but she should be there in 30 minutes . maria , lore and the rest will start a group security procedure without her . she'll behave just like a regular passenger .
drake and brett have a business meeting at 2 pm in room 214 . drake will present slides 11 , 15 to 20 , ashley slide 10 and brett will take notes .
fay will check the mailbox when leaving for work to check if steven's amazon order has arrived .
kate's red lipstick is from rimmel .
alexis , jacob , greg , and katie are looking for john . john's flight appears to be delayed . john should get in touch within the next 2 hours .
it is cold and snowing . lawrie was there on monday . mrs . shotter , the tenant , cleared the drive and would do it again . dad will get her a bottle of rum or cigars from cuba . mrs . shotter smokes occasionally . dad is going to the beach right now .
donna is eager to see the new superhero movie venom with tom hardy . bruce is surprised as to what girls see in this actor . donna wants to see the film because she likes marvel stories . she suggests that bruce joins her .
meredith's neck still hurts but it is not getting worse .
carmen and mallory will go to victoria's secret as soon as possible to take advantage of the upcoming discount week .
gia needs angelo's help proofreading her thesis that's due in 4 days .
shaniqua warns raul not to cheat on her , as she's watching him .
bob will call daryl after work to set the date for the national art museum visit .
david was offered to work for the company as a freelancer from spain . he broke the only copy of the project they had .
jerry has seen a three mast ship on holidays and wonders what that kind of ship is called . julius and kurt try to answer his question , but are not sure of the correct name .
alec informs alan about heavy rains in boston .
reggie has moved to london and is settling in well . rob suggests a meet up when reggie is back in town .
robert's wallet is in the kitchen .
jay bought a hockey stick .
hanna will follow alex's advice and take the silver voucher .
kit wants sam to watch the last episode of the game of thrones , but he is behind because of his girlfriend , katie .
tony landed . he didn't have internet connection . pankracy is waiting in the car , outside of the airport .
laurel is going to pick her grandma from the hospital on sunday so bree will cover for her .
harry will fly to poland for christmas . gabriel and arthur will talk on skype at 4 pm on saturday .
ann and leon are both very excited . ann is on her way to the airport .
kathy bought a sweater today .
alex , derek , paula and bailey haven't been talking much lately . bailey is busy with playing on ps4 .
lewis' boss is sending him on a business trip to finland for two weeks .
sam and edd got irritated by carl's superficial approach to the case .
monica is a senior recruitment consultant from tgc world , which is looking for polish interpreter translators . anna is interested in positions with spanish and english as a second language . monica asks anna to send her anna's cv . anna wants to earn around 100 eur day . anna can start any time .
becky is still on the subway . she's stood at franklin av . station for 25 minutes , because there was a fire somewhere .
lauren will bring tim , her new boyfriend to dinner at her mum's place on saturday . tom , her last boyfriend broke up with her . lauren met tim on the train .
john is at the balcony . erin is listening to james .
dorothy and christian are meeting today . jackie might come too . they will probably watch something . dorothy is making pizza . christian has never tried dorothy's pizza . dorothy and christian have known each other for 5 years .
nora will see martin at his place tonight and she'll bring wine .
renovation works at gillian's and brad's new apartment are taking too long . they do not like the attitude of the owner of ferguson renovations but have to cope with him because they are pressed for time .
alex has lost 5 pounds of weight . alex recommends her diet to rita .
charles and eddie are going to jim's party . martha and harry are not sure because they didn't like jim's last party . they had to order pizza and pay for it because jim didn't buy anything to eat .
christopher , joan , lindsay , brian and kenneth have to prepare a project . brian is willing to present in front of the class and make a powerpoint presentation . joan proposes a way to divide the work that everybody agree on . joan proposes a meeting in person .
evelyn got a rubic's cube for her birthday .
alex advises olivia on the purchase of a used bike online . it's relevant that the bike fits her height .
elisabeth got a new car from her dad as a 20th birthday present . natasha had to work for hers for the whole summer .
tim sent tom and tam some pictures from his trip to albania . on the one photo there is him , jackie and ilva , the albanian girl they met at the hotel .
mykonos is a popular gay destination . maria loves gay clubs .
mark was too busy to reply to alyssa's message yesterday .
johnny doesn't want jack to come over because his girl will be here in a few minutes .
molly disliked the mri she just had , even though she got a sedative because of her claustrophobia . her blood pressure dropped after the pvc was inserted . the scan took 40 min and the results will be available in 2 weeks .
eddy is selling his speaker jbl at 15 . andy is not interested .
janine is angry at mario for not helping out around the house . mario cleaned the kitchen for her .
lydia and jessica are coming to sarah's yoga practice .
mila bought a new laptop for 1650 as in her previous one the keypad died . mila's new laptop has the 8th generation processor i7 , 16gb ram , 120gb ssd , 1t hdd and the graphics card is geforce 1060 .
jasmine was at the doctor and she got antibiotics , so ken decided to come home earlier .
ronald feels basic products got very expensive . most of the butter production gets exported which raises the price . ronald is 25 and regrets he didn't study programming .
robert has extra 2 off for a selection of stones .
sarah is already on the bus so teddy should hurry up .
jess cannot talk right now .
sam hates the assignment he has to do . his friends cheers him up .
rachel will not make it for the consultations with mrs . johnson today , but she will send her the 3rd chapter via email . they will discuss it next time .
bruce might like what is on bbc 1 right now .
rick will drop by at johnson's in 40 minutes .
charles will join isis in la playa for sunday funday in 30 minutes . .
fiona met lisa in portugal . they were partying all weekend . they were supposed to go back on sunday . they boarded the wrong plane and ended up in spain because of fatigue .
cheryl and michael are going to meet around 9 am on tuesday morning .
jim will buy garlic and cheap white wine in the grocery . he and cathie are going to cook sea food tonight .
meghan helps kate with legal english translation . meghan and kate will meet next week .
nina offers josh and nick her help with the project .
butterball will not be coming because he was bullied at school . pump truck will not be coming either .
charles and alex's boss will be there at 11 .
kevin and isla are experiencing very slow computer systems today .
jo is waiting for him to call her . two days ago he send her a message that he was terribly busy and hasn't contacted her since then .
kim and evan will meet in an hour for a glass of wine in the corner of 4th and evergreen .
adam is at the bus stop . kate will come there to pick up adam .
omar wants to buy a samsung galaxy s5 as a christmas gift for rachel .
philip hurt megan's feelings and made her upset , but she's getting better . philip is sorry . megan will spend the weekend alone to think things over , but will meet with philip after sunday .
emma wants to buy a new laptop and asks will for advice . she definitely doesn't want macbook . will recommends her toshiba or lenovo . since emma is not really up to date with technology , they will meet at the store on saturday to select the best one together .
sophia wants thomas to buy a japanese pumpkin at the grocery shop .
thornton has the flu and won't come to work tomorrow . pendleton , kenyon , and landon will have to do the project without him .
violet added curry spice an turmeric and it's ready .
dagmar and waldemar are not in the mood for working today . dagmar suggests sleeping , but waldemar needs to take teresa for a walk first .
bary doesn't have a headache . kate slept quite well . bary and kate will meet around 3 00 in a park in wilanów .
daniel and sally enjoy the americans but daniel dislikes page . they both prefer keri russel in the americans than felicity . they both were disappointed with homeland .
aziz and darren decided to go to the gym and to a pub afterwards .
gina couldn't give john's phone number to ellie because she didn't have it .
parker , tom and greg have watched the game .
amelia has just met alanis morissette . her song brings back memories to amelia and logan .
tanner has lost his phone contacts .
ann and peter won't go on holiday with lena and jorge because they have different expectations .
bob wants to meet on saturday . kate won't make it , but they will be in touch . bob suggests to meet at the barrel at 6 ish . vicky will be there and she will bring someone with her . jason is laughing at her . larry is telling him off .
paul will help hiram with homework .
jenna invited everybody for the birthday party , including roberta , yuki and marika , but people don't like jenna .
alisha and alexi will meet on wednesday at 4 pm by the entrance to costa coffee in the city centre .
gary and albert will have some beer tomorrow .
theo wonders how to support greg and his family . theo spoke to his wife and greg is in hospital for 4 5 days . clara can get them some groceries tomorrow , gwen can drive duncan to school . they can't see greg due to risk of infection .
james and his friends are playing a concert at flowerpot later . candy didn't know that and she has some plans already . james insists on her coming and seeing her , she will try .
isiah met declan down the hall today . shynann is just good friends with declan and says that isiah can hang out with him .
crane is looking for kit . temple saw him yesterday . maryann heard he's gone to his parents .
timon is coming for nemo because his car broke down .
renee has enough of a diet based on green food .
jane was busy and did not reply to paula's previous messages .
temperature in rybnik this week can reach up to 22 degrees but will drop by the start of the weekend . konrad is looking forward to his erasmus exchange . konrad is nervous about his erasmus because it is important for him .
seb wants to go bowling with dave and mark . he will call the alley and check friday 9 pm . dave is going to ask his brother , paul , if he'd like to join them .
after sinus problems ken had to deal with a flat tire . ken hopes that martha will get the christmas package by christmas time .
jake lives in warsaw and jake is most likely coming there with his girlfriend in april for three nights .
ronny and walt finish work at 3 today and they want to go back home together . walt will meet ronny in front of his building after work .
leah will give zara 1 free ticket for tonight at 7 45 pm . rose responded too late , so she won't get any .
anet and tish are going to lunch at 2 pm .
timmy's homework is difficult . timmy and rob consider pretending to be sick tomorrow .
ted will arrive in manchester from bristol at 8 15 . ted is going to present at a conference to take place at the head office . ted will check in at the reception and meet shirley on the first floor .
hannah wants to borrow christine's red prom dress for a friend's bridal shower tonight . christine will be home in 4 hours and will let hannah know as soon as she's there . hannah burnt her previous dress with an iron .
rachel recommends the book factfulness she finished reading yesterday .
lindsay is angry because lorry went shopping with her boyfriend . but lorrie was helping him choose a ring for lindsay .
greg will see over the car tonight at 8 30 . the address is 120 station road , bs6 4ab .
kate wants to buy a disc at bigbuy for vera . kate will call vera if she finds it .
jake apologizes to veronica for the last night conversation . veronica also wants to apologize to jake for what she said . jake makes up with veronica .
the icc has acquitted laurent gbagbo . he lost an election in 2010 . stefano and alfred don't believe him to be innocent .
meg asked cara about the name of the series she had told her about . she needs a distraction during ironing .
tommy , kim and liz are planning to give their professors thank you notes , as it's their last semester . they will go to a shop that sells cards tomorrow and later come up with the wishes .
tim , bill and tom are going for a pint as soon as bill is done with coding .
david's boss added him on facebook . james advises him on how to hide some posts on facebook .
andrew's bored , he's not going out tonight . kim is going out with ann , but he doesn't know where .
tom is late .
amadeus is sad because he feels his life is miserable .
raoul has a birthday today . he will pick martin up at the station .
andy missed his bus and will be late .
lin is coming back in about an hour . lin took leo's home keys .
darcey is trying to lose weight and he didn't eat anything today . ethan is concerned about him starving .
dan is much better now .
teresa found a red bag after the party . it's suzie's .
arturo is applying for a french citizenship , which is a long and complicated process . sandy is on holiday in tunisia .
luke and fred managed to return before a downpour .
otto has been with ethan for 4 years . ethan took otto's phone number from his sister . otto will bring his notes tomorrow .
carol didn't have time to cook dinner so kate needs to order food . carol left money on the counter .
frank and eddie are beatles and stones fans , but eddie thinks the stones live performances are terrible .
martin felt sick after having a pack of fries at mcdonald's near the city square .
ella missed the bus and will have to wait half an hour for the next one .
jake intends to rent a smaller room . it may be rented today . the bigger room is still free . jake will see the apartment at 6 . 30 pm . fifi is looking for students as flatmates . jake works and studies .
aria needs newspapers . arlen will keep them for her in the future .
ahmed promotes his paintings by putting the images on bags and t shirts that he sells . he cooperates with a fashion designer to keep up with the latest trends . as a child ahmed wanted to be an architect but at the age of 13 he discovered an artistic talent in himself .
marianna and jaron will meet tonight for a midnight session . jaron will drop her off by taxi .
mary is sad because she lost her bike .
samantha is in love with her boss , tom . he has a wife and two kids .
ursula cannot afford the special discount from the body shop
bane borrowed a cough syrup from josh . now josh needs it .
andy and ted are planning a surprise birthday party for jenny on the 4th of december .
john can't see nina's and jeff's red car .
nata needs to paint the walls in her room , but she doesn't know which colour to choose .
jeff's 50th birthday is coming near . he likes whiskey . toby proposed buying him a 50 years old scotch , but it turned out to be too expensive at least 5000 gbp .
luke and katy had a great time playing cards agains humanity at dot's . they want to buy it too . luke and katy are having her parents over next weekend .
the chloe's present for him has just arrived as lynn reports .
sacha will meet with max at the canteen .
mom will write to megan asking what to do with the red jacket .
pearl reads a lot about beyonce and discusses with don that she probably has information filtered for her .
gil haven't contacted jennifer for so long because her phone fell into the water . jannifer has no plans for tonight .
jennifer is coming to zoe's farewell party . robert and others were thinking of buying zoe a gift . zoe's kindle broke recently . jennifer will chip in for the gift .
henry informs aneta and josh that this book can be found only at the strand .
roxanne is applying for a spanish passport as her grandmother was spanish . ivy needs to look through her family history .
george , james , paul and john are going to have a rehearsal of their band at 7 . 30 tonight . pete was fired from the band .
ben is still sick and he'll stay home till monday . there is a lot of birds outside , so mom will get something to eat for them , when she'll get back .
marshall has asked alice out . they will have something to eat at 8 pm on thursday .
rick and marty are going on the field trip to the museum tomorrow . they need to bring something to take notes with , because they will have a test by the end of the week .
richard would like to participate in the x cell project . to do so , he must prepare a presentation until tuesday . helen will send richard an e mail with the details in the evening . richard will let helen know when he gets it . if richard gets in , he will be assigned a specific function .
sue and john are still a little confused about their new project . they will be able to ask paul questions about it , when he visits them tomorrow .
natalie has bad memories of tennis , because as a teenager her father forced her to play it . hunter tries to convince natalie to give tennis another shot , because she's good at it .
bobby shares with diana and juan a video of old people having sex . it sparks a discussion on whether it's cute or disgusting .
jem prefers norwegian and cory would go for swedish . emily will start learning german .
jim has got a cold from his kids . he cancelled the meeting , goes home and will be on email . andrea will take care of his responsibilities .
sophie is going to call the vet to book an appointment for sprite on james' request .
kevin received his new sports jacket . tyler likes it .
logan will get back to lori in the afternoon as he's busy now .
daisy and jo are going out on friday night . jo and helen will see daisy , sarah and tracy at dexters .
jack wants to start translator course , because doesn't want to be a teacher anymore . matt advises him to attend class intensive course .
peter wants to start exercising , but stefan and jared tease him .
carry is looking for a school for her 8 year old daughter . tina shares with her contacts to caroline and linda , who both have kids in the school .
sadie has a new job . she finds it hard . she ruined neil's shirt . he bought a new one . she thinks she should offer to cover the costs of the new shirt . kelly concurs .
kevin and john will go home together in the evening .
jane sent monica the photo from last friday's party .
molly has to buy a wedding dress . she got engaged to tom a few days ago . she will celebrate it with kim and misty on saturday .
becky is on the 4th floor . there are fewer wifi users on 5th floor .
it was charlotte's birthday . she expected peter to buy her a present , since she had given one to him . she is not happy . peter is going to get something for her .
val loves taking pictures .
heidi , zoe and amelie find it weird .
phil uses twitter most often to keep up with the news and vic uses facebook .
selby invites terri and winslow for a home cooked indian meal .
teresa has an important presentation tomorrow and a blind date afterwards . maggie advises teresa what to wear based on the 3 pictures of outfits teresa has sent her . maggie also advises teresa to apply eyeliner and put on contacts after the presentation .
isaac met uncle kevin last night . kevin , 68 , is getting divorced for the 3rd time and is in a relationship with mandy , 33 .
abe has shown a song by the band amorphis to fred . fred likes it .
monica is watching friends . oscar will join her in 30 minutes . he will bring popcorn and dry white wine .
flores pointed out that tabitha may feel sleepy , because she has distrubed sleep schedule and low blood pressure .
greg will get pizza for himself and omar from luigi's .
mary likes using snapchat . paul thinks it's not in style anymore .
tim and flora are on the list .
karen is 30 years old , william is 35 . they want to meet tomorrow .
professor gartenberg allowed elijah to submit his paper late as elijah was sick .
jake hates christmas music . jake will serve another client with a kid .
the cost of the course was raised . olivia sent the information to hugh and alexandra .
allie is back and she is going to invite will , jenny and fred to show them the pictures she took while away . they will meet on saturday evening . allie is going to cook .
josh is taking his mother to the market in an hour . he is going to buy some fruit , vegetables and eggs for cindy .
simon knows from andy that dana will not attend gym class any more . she gives too much work till the end of the year as a reason . she accepts simon's offer of help and will get back to him about it later .
mel finds bohemian rapsody good as well as disappointing . tish wanted to see it too but she'll wait for the dvd .
mat thinks dogs are cuter and anna prefers cats . mark refuses to arbitrate the issue .
mark will cancel his day off on mr . benson's request . claudia will call out major clients to ask about their satisfaction and provide data by 10 30 . andy will prepare a presentation on the company byt the end of the day . mark will do data mining on client's financial situation .
arthur does crossfit every single day at 4 30 am .
ian has his and mike's tickets .
logan recommends ethan as a drummer for the function that sofia organizes .
yesterday , ann was asked out by adam . lucy tells ann about adam's unpleasant behavior in the past . she also warns ann about his bad attitude .
marie found a 30 discount on armani perfumes .
barry couldn't get in so he will take the next bus .
channel 5 is airing broadchurch .
st . nicholas day started well for leila .
greg needs hair models in the afternoons and evenings at hair academy logan st . greg offers free haircuts and other hair treatments . jamie and alice are available .
lizzy is heading to a shopping mall . she will buy a crime story book for paul's mother . lizzy has an appointment at 2 pm .
max reckons ben played well today but ben wishes he played better .
john is on his way to lille . he is queueing to enter the museum because he didn't buy a ticket in advance . peter is eating sushi with leonor .
mary is going to buy some ice cream .
ruby and ruben love each other .
gary was annoyed by a man who was talking to another person during a training session . gary wanted to hit him . he reminded gary pecky . pecky had teased gary in the school .
delilah has an idea to organize a contest for the ugliest christmas jumper .
james's dogs are well . mia is allowed to see them any time .
annie and mag're seeing each other at yoga tonight .
the fundraiser on facebook reached almost pln 16 million . the whole sum collected last year amounted to pln 121 million . this year they have pln 92 million for now .
fiona is going to philadelphia next week for business so she wants mom to look after the kids .
tanvi invited peadar , anette , helen , thomas , anne and amy over after 7 . her address is 83 glisson road .
zoeh wants caleb to let his mother know her and her mother are coming over in half an hour .
lincoln's photographer got drunk at his wedding and didn't take good pictures . he needs carson to send over all the wedding photos she took .
kiara is at jaden's . she will come to pick up malik in half an hour , after he's made breakfast .
irma informs vivienne and ferb that classes have been cancelled for tomorrow .
austen and maureen are going to have a thanksgiving dinner together on the 1st of december . maureen is going to pick austen and her family up after 2 pm . austen is going to borrow the honda from maureen for a time . maureen will prepare the turkey and austen will bring salads and cake .
mia and david will meet at the gym , and laura stays home as she doesn't feel well .
rita and soledad recommend sebastian to use the print shop at the faculty of architecture .
amanda saw a sad film yesterday . piper will watch it after the lecture . amanda is going to the gym now .
heidi's professor allows the group take the 3rd exam at home .
lisa believes she has done well on her exam . mandy is proud of her .
gemma's cat destroyed her plan and lyx will buy her something to prevent it from happening again .
ash informs gin that voting for the website of the year has begun . gin won't be able to have his ballot in until 25th november so ash extends the deadline to monday for him .
sounding is a bdsm kink practice involving shoving things into a penis . it can be dangerous if performed carelessly . sounding kits are available for sal on the internet .
branden's lonely brother is going to las vegas alone and bonnie wishes he would find a girlfriend there . branden advices bonnie to keep out of this .
liv is traveling by train to suntan on the beach . ignacio wishes she would come over and make him lunch . he thinks she might get a sunburn because of her fair complexion .
gail was browsing through her facebook posts . she was complaining about food and fitness .
on sunday raz and peter are meeting with dominica and james who got married recently .
marvin is on channel 4 . noah is not at home at the moment .
austin made a dish with a slow cooker , but she added too much soy sauce .
dad will buy lou funghi pizza for dinner .
jim , tim and other guys were in the all you can eat restaurant . they ate too much and they don't feel well after that .
bob's therapist has cancelled the session , but he will meet her next week .
emily moved to glasgow with her new boyfriend jamie , and she's studying economics there .
kitty forgot the keys and can't get inside . anne offers to send the keys to kitty via uber . kitty orders the uber .
luke has sent ingrid 3 texts to take a look at . ingrid dislikes that luke gives her short deadlines each month . ingrid suggests agnes do the job this time . luke will call agnes and let ingrid know if she has agreed .
mia is on russel street next to a shopping mall . her bus hasn't arrived yet . jennifer will pick her up with her car in 10 minutes . jennifer won't have a drink with chris as she needs to get up early tomorrow .
tanja and chris have failed the exam and greg got a c . they will ask christina , jason and pauline for help . lenny suggests they meet for a beer tonight .
sam argued with her partner about her parents pressing them for wedding . joe advices that they should live their lives and not listen what to do .
anna has invited yen for food .
chris asked sylvia out . they are meeting at 8 .
franek sent a photo of his mom .
karen and whitney will go to a samba class tomorrow . carmen cannot come as she's busy at work .
kane is looking for an hr person experienced in finance . kane needs him or her to start from march 2019 . hank will ask peter if he's interested .
maria worked a lot in the last two months . she works from remotely .
maria's frustrated because kate , matt , jenny and josh don't take their meeting seriously .
paul is thirsty . peter and jordan won't bring him water .
amanda was at a christmas market today with toby and her husband . her husband loved it , but toby was scared of santa . they bought sweets and christmas decorations and filmed a castle with artificial snow .
jim has forgot his scarf yesterday . he'll visit tom tomorrow after work to get it .
isla has no concrete plans for her stay in berlin . she will consult going to panorama bar with martin . amelia visited the jasna club in warsaw but not many people were there .
patricia , susan and sarah have a test today . susan will be circa 15 minutes late because she has to pick up her nephew . sarah is sick and she will not come .
charles is wondering whether manchester united plans to sell lukaku . joe says that lukaku is a decent player . bayern munich has won the title in the previous season . charles is not satisfied with the condition of manchester united .
helen was with fisher this weekend . zuri wanted to call her but helen had left her phone at home . now she's not available , so zuri and ethan will go to her house to get fisher's notes back .
andrew sent kelsey the plumber's number , bcause the sink in the kitchen is leaking again . if the plumber can't come today , they will find someone online .
harold doesn't want to diet although kylie wants him to . last time it took him three months to lose three kilos . harold offers him a place to stay .
alene forgot her swimming suit . jenson will be in the health resort in 5 minutes . alene will buy it there .
andy agreed to look at brooke's resume . brooke is a little bored with her current job .
jenny should wear the red dress because the black one is too formal .
mark called cris 5 minutes ago . cris didn't know it was mark , as he had lost all the contacts on his phone . cris will call mark back shortly .
john and mathew are writing some stupid dialogues .
pamela isn't pleased with what meg did yesterday with john .
andy is going to the gym tonight . joan can't come because she is sick . andy will bring food , sudoku and a cosmo for her . joan can't drink wine because she is taking medicine .
daria posted on facebook that she was ejected from the phd programme and she has a biopolar diorder . to amanda's mind , daria will have to return the grant in amount of 30 . 000 euro . harry claims daria sexually harassed david .
lara needs to finish a proofreading project before the deadline . gemma's neighbors are partying and she can't sleep . she put off monday tasks . gemma has a flexible schedule .
tatiana hasn't finished the required trainings due tomorrow , so she'll have to cancel her plans of spending some time with her mom . tatiana will help her out as she remembers the answers from some quizzes , and it took her as much as around 9 hours .
it's snowing heavily . sarah wishes she won't have to go to work tomorrow . mark and gina keep their fingers crossed .
lexi asks blake for advice about cameras . blake tells her to buy tablet instead .
simon will come and help charles with moving some heavy furniture downstairs .
turner wants to join a gym . mortimer recommends mcfit , elliot advises against slimgym .
patsy and tonia are going to party tonight and get drunk .
bill's operation went well . he spent the night at the hospital but was brought home this morning . judith has made reservations at the queen and king suites .
cindy and linda are going to see a movie .
laura and rebecca successfully returned the car even though it had some scratches .
dan didn't wish dustin a happy birthday because he stood him up last tuesday . dan is angry because dustin has a new girlfriend and doesn't have time for friends .
simon and lorelai love each other .
lizy sends vicky a picture from a bar where she's having drinks with friends .
adnan sent john a video about people getting circumcised and they are both shocked . john reckons it's an initiation ritual for their tribe . adnan thinks they are drugged so they don't feel the pain .
rob is fed up with his gym . he needs to continue another week or so before he goes up with the weight .
nikos contacted evelyn on facebook asking about paisley . paisley and nikos were engaged in the past .
della needs back the palette she has lent to sara . sara will bring it back to della .
phil bought a new board game . he will organize a game night with george soon .
tim , helen and andrew have a train in 5 minutes tim is almost there .
andrew is arriving from norway . peter and brian will meet him on the weekend .
eric did not enjoy the show as much as he thought he would . jeremy will go and see it for himself .
lucas wants to go to the cinema with sofia , he lets her choose the film and time while he's at his granny's helping in the garden .
cedric has touched basil's girl . basil and cedric exchange menaces .
barbara and sammy will meet at lina's party tonight .
linda and ian are going to have chili con carne for dinner , but they still need to get several things .
oliver tries to trick amelia into thinking he bought a new car . the car is roger's .
even though randy jack and kelly have studied for the incoming difficult test , they're still nervous of passing it .
hailey is a model on elle magazine as mackenzie discovered . julia looked for more information on facebook . hailey is married and she's a professional model .
laura and pete are going to meet today .
kristen has hangover today , so she can't join bridget for workout . last night kristen met with ann and her colleagues , they went to a few bars and the havana club . she met a handsome guy who is texting her now . she shares his photo with bridget .
duncan left his beanie at tom's . duncan will bring it to him tomorrow .
the whole street doesn't have electricity .
claire and russel hate the current weather .
anna and mary are planning their trip to iceland , looking into accommodation and transport .
mia wakes ben up at noon on saturday . ben wants to sleep 5 more minutes , whereas mia has been up and studying for four hours already .
carlos , elisa and ben will meet up on friday at 7 . 30 at the main entrance of the centro cultural recoleta . they will go to the exhibition opening there and then eat a dinner at the armenian place .
betty is coming to a wedding on saturday and is looking for a place where she can get manicure . rebecca will send her contact details to one place she recommends .
leah wants simon to be her boyfriend . simon and brooke are close friends . brooke doesn't want to support leah in winning simon .
nicolas and kaleigh have to do french 220 and 225 , an assignment from page 34 .
lisa has bought a skirt for friday in zara .
sophie has broken up with tracy . tracy wants sophie to give him another chance , but she refuses to do it . tracy cheated and lied . sophie was working to pay tracy's debts . sophie is blocking tracy .
bob reminds willis to buy a4 papers for bob's customers .
chloe's in italy . chloe misses her co workers and they miss her too . henry sends chloe a video to cheer her up . chloe enjoys italy and she did many interviews there . chloe and henry's boss has already sent chloe several reminders .
peter will get cat food chicken kind .
kimberly mistakenly messaged frank .
peter , charles and mark will meet at queen's head at 7 before they will go to the city .
alec's dog is missing , so he's very upset . jenny will look for alec's dog tonight .
jonash and marc are gossiping about nick jonas wedding with the bollywood actress .
sarah really liked the movie chosen by chandler . sarah claims that chandler's favourite movies are boring .
jabari deleted his post , because of reese's comments .
adam forgot his wallet and mary is still at home .
adrian has got a new job , and maria is surprised that he didn't know anything about it .
greg played fifa 18 wc for 6 hours and he finds the game awesome . tom also recommends fifa 18 wc to mark .
jen will forward geri the photo she got from lola .
laura has added lucy to the group . lucy has already prepared a power point presentation .
nadim and hank plan to go to the baseball game at 7 00 pm tomorrow . they will get cheap tickets for 10 each and will have seats behind the outfield .
evan meets dani's roommate leah through dani's phone .
shania likes kaila's nails but she thinks there is too much of gold to suit the dress .
lucy will send violet pictures of copies that she took during the class .
parvati will attend lina's cooking class . the next session is on the 10th . each session costs 20 euros , payable by cash or transfer .
ray wasn't at the uni today , anastasia thinks he might be sick in bed .
emily has arrived at ava's flat . ava reminds emily the flat's number .
theresa , jennifer and amalia are most likely going to tenerife between 1 14 april for their girls holidays . theresa is going to check the prices for tenerife . malta is not safe enough . theresa didn't like ibiza or canarie islands .
trump was ridiculous on tv . layla could not believe what he did .
ana didn't come yesterday because she was sick . but she only missed organisational information .
david asks alex if he could teach his boss english . alex agrees . david and alex will meet on saturday .
tina's frustrated as his mother tampers with their private affairs . tina wants to go on a weekend road trip to prague with him but his mother suggests that it'd be better for them to go by plane .
jay will arrive at laura's home at 2 pm on saturday . they'll take kids and go for a meal and a walk along the beach .
russ and jody are going trick or treating tonight . jody is going to dress as a witch . russ' costume is a surprise .
lara has a job interview at google today . she's been preparing all weekend . she'll let michelle and tricia know how it goes .
gary is in cobham and will be there in 30 minutes . jack is already here . dan is coming too and gary can pick him up .
mickael and jonathan have to go to jdc on the 5th of february .
wilson is going to the office to report an unjustified fine . a ticket inspector deactivated the machines at the tram so that wilson was unable to validate his ticket . wilson could not explain the situation because the ticket inspector spoke no english .
george and alex are going to meet on tuesday at 10 a . m . this week .
the shuttle buses replacing the red line take too long and are overcrowded . the commute to work is annoying to miroslav . kenneth worked from home today .
felicity sent a photo to joe . he is not satisfied with it .
ann and elena arrange meeting for a coffee around 5 , after anna has finished work . elena would like to talk about robert , as he's acting weird , having 'thoughts' about the future and blaming her for some things he made up . she needs to be very patient with him .
dusan is on his way to the show he is going to watch with jorge .
dalton , axton and brand plan to buy a birthday gift for lori .
bernice overslept . rebecca had told everyone she was coming , so they are waiting for her . bernice will get ready and come soon .
mathew is deleting his facebook account because it's too time consuming . he will still be using other socialising apps .
yvonne met julia in the canteen . julia is back from cuba and got funding from ngo .
jenny doesn't have revolut , but has heard good things about it . mel has it and is satisfied with it . maria will get it .
michael received a message saying whatsapp will be paid . paula assures michael that it's not true and the message is a spam .
tv ads are annoying , especially at this time of the year and when they are aimed at children . harry has chosen netflix over tv because it is ad free and tom might follow his example .
trevor's essay on oliver twist was outstanding .
danielle has a new haircut .
fiona is stuck at work .
george didn't do the dishes . the new punishment for not doing the dishes is vacuuming and taking the trash out .
there is no power in the home . dad asks darius to check the fuse in the pavement .
fred doesn't want to go to the party , because he doesn't like being in a crowd . john tells fred that there will be no more than ten people , and convinces fred to come .
taylor and josh are worried that john is absent . in fact , john is sitting in the other end of the classroom .
grace and karen are going to meet on saturday at 10 am to look a wedding dresses in bridal salons . at 2 pm they're going to eat lunch , which grace wants to pay for .
natalie is not happy with sandra spamming them again . peter enjoyed it . peter , sandra , kenny and natalie want to get drinks after work .
rob wanted to play rdr2 at 5 , but tom and rob are busy . mark's available tomorrow , but rob is going with sara to her parents .
zack is coming home for christmas . robert wants to meet with zack . zack will message robert in december to schedule the meeting .
stacy and barbara were at paco's party two weeks ago . stacy's scarf from india went missing . stacy is accusing barbara of theft and will talk to paco .
michelle was in cafeteria with anne . michelle wants mike to ask her out and she told anne about it . mike was staying behind them , but he pretended not to hear it .
mike wants to go with his friends sam , john and greg for the weekend . dad has doubts as no adult is going with them . mike suggests that his dad joins . dad will call other dads and ask if they want to join too .
john will transfer adam the money for the tickets right away .
moss will leave early to be on time , as there was an accident on the main street .
adam and tom are excited about the new model of porsche cayman .
jo will get the proxy for 123 .
millie recommends that danielle listens to pop2 by charlie xcx on spotify .
lori will buy tickets for the football game . andrea is joining them . hayden will keep his new jersey away from pepper . ticket prices will increase next month .
charles and caroline bought the tickets already and booked a place in puerto del rosario . anne will try to book a place nearby . she confirmed the will to rent a car . charles will send her the address .
tina is nervous .
jake will meet edward at 10 30 in front of edward's building . they will go for a walk . jake never has time for edward .
eddy needs jacob's help with his laptop . jacob will come to eddy today and bring his data storage to back up eddy's files . eddy will buy beer .
joseph starts a new job at the bristol hotel on december 1st . albert still works at his dad's shop .
a lidl store is closing down and holding a sale with everything 50 off this saturday . patrick and eve are planning to come early on saturday for the sale . they are planning to buy groceries , cleaning supplies and maybe clothes .
leon is listening to some music in his room . arthut likes it and wants leon to turn up the volume .
milagros is filing in documents for her blog . corban will go clubbing on friday .
jarvis had a good time with his family . he is happy about a picture dustin has sent him . he sends some photos to dustin .
doug will buy milk in the market .
emily loves the book martha gave her .
sally and john has to work on their presentations . they will meet tomorrow to prepare it .
mike is going to the bar on 7th avenue . joe will watch netflix and chill instead because he is not feeling well .
kerry has a flu and was not at the lectures today . she probably will not go to the kevin's party on saturday , as she takes medicines and the doctor told her to rest . charlize will send kerry pictures of her notes from today . the notes will be helpful , because midterms will be in 3 weeks time .
camille's friend from romania just arrived in uk and is looking for a job . she can speak english , take care of old people and babies . bernadette's friend is looking for a cleaner twice a week .
monica sent a funny picture to luc .
john dropped his phone and its screen went blank , but the error has been fixed .
sam will be at tara's in a few minutes . she won't ring the bell on tara's request in order not to wake up suzy .
bryan is going to afghanistan .
kate will buy the ingredients for spaghetti and meet james at home .
steve , mark and greg are going to see a movie . the cinema they chose only offers a 3d version with subtitles and a 2d version with dubbing . mark has 3d cancelling glasses . steve , mark and greg decide on the 3d version .
byron will buy lavazza coffee for richard .
martin and oscar went to school together and attended a memorable party during that time . martin prevented a fellow student from getting sick from alcohol . all those who attended the party were punished afterwards . oscar has been living and doing business in poland for 27 years .
payton will pick sender up at 9 pm tonight and drive him to the practice . denver is not coming .
theresa will join john and zac at starbucks when she is finished .
an american player loses world championship in chess to a scandinavian model who drinks a lot of water .
holly is not taking him to kindergarten because of his cough , but she would like johnny to go though .
paul and ciaran want to meet , but ciaran only has 30 minutes and paul may not make it in time . they managed to meet , paul encourages ciaran to check world of warships .
woolie will soon arrive to meet lena , who is waiting in front of the hall .
anka doesn't like jan's editing of the photographs he sent for mike's article . he will have to redo all of them until the end of the day .
amy asks garry if he can pick joules up this morning . garry agrees .
tim hates christmas . he can't buy gifts . he can't buy his family any sweets . his family is on diet . lisa will advise him what to do later .
toby , ian , joseph and emma are meeting at el raval tonight . emma is fed up with the food they've eaten the last few days . she hopes the food there will be good . nobody knows whether it will be , but they have to try , because they don't know anything in andorra anyway .
aggie invited lisa to join her on a calligraphy course but lisa wasn't really interested . eventually , she agreed to be there on tuesday at 8 pm .
mike was having lag , so it took a while for him and jonah to finish the game . now andy joined them .
bob needs allie's number , but matt points out she's in the chat they're currently talking in .
fiona asks fleur to wash the dishes .
luna is leaving and will be at clara's in 30 to 40 minutes .
jane and jenny are talking about the tv programme in which future parents reveal the gender of their unborn children . jenny is very emotional about it .
fleur is going to get a christmas tree . paul has to pick up his brother and clean up the house before his parents come for christmas . he will get a christmas tree tomorrow .
phoebe has cancer and she has an operation scheduled for tomorrow at 10 . she will also undergo chemotherapy . she is scared . yuval wants to come right now .
bill hasn't seen mrs . hurley . she's not at school according to ben .
cindy is taking a hair dryer . jessica packed shampoo . shower gel , body lotion and conditioner .
tom will meet hannah at campus at 4pm for dance practice .
britney , ashley and kristen are going to a club called cherry tonight .
sophie shares the photo of a beaver that she saw in the river . mike believes it is a coypu .
judith wants to take the kids to disneyland , but carter is busy going to a meeting .
keira saw collin online and wrote to him . collin invites her over .
natalie and simone have seen pose , the new netflix series and they think it's amazing . theresa's going to watch it tonight .
phillip has a long flight to central afrique république tomorrow . juliete wants to go with him , but he has a co pilot to talk to .
peg demands that nel pick up the laundry .
rebecca tries to brighten gina's day by sending her memes .
megan claims her spider hero is her neighbor .
luke didn't respond to sarah's message because he was out with his parents all morning and didn't have his phone on him . sarah wants him to come over .
mason is siks so he's not going to work . mason will text jack and cass to confirm it .
danielle's got a new , eccentric haircut , but she still looks good .
james will buy polish sausages and burgers for the barbecue .
jack and andy are at the mongoosh and jason will join them soon . jason wants them to order chicken tikka masala for him .
alicia will get some milk free ice cream for hannah .
zack has once put the wrong side of a cigarette in his mouth and got burned .
sophie is in kutno . ava is on her way to brussels . she's going to work in the bus .
celia missed the meeting with jennifer , peter and the colins because of a cold . she's working from home though . jennifer will drop her a basket with pastries .
jorge thanks the voluneers for their wilingness to help . daniel is looking forward to this sunday . marge wants to take additional volunteer with her , but all the positions are already taken .
leila bought a bag for her mom . she will give it to samantha tomorrow who will give it to leila's mom .
aurelie will work from home today , because she's not feeling well . the project's deadline is the day after tomorrow , ross is on holiday , so there's only aurelie and mathew in the team .
fred asks chris if he's watching basketball game of houston rockets . fred is impressed with james harden's offensive skills . chris is unimpressed with harden's defensive skills , which are vital for winning games .
nick and kasia went out to brunch yesterday , but they didn't invited karen and anthony . anthony and nick had had an argument . karen and anthony are going for a brunch . anthony will pick her up .
alan will borrow a phone from jamie because his has broken down .
pete has got stuck in traffic , so sam will not wait for him and go alone .
half the school is in love with jake .
stacy got the dates confused because of the holiday and missed a meeting with esther and other girls . one of them , doris , is getting married .
sebastien is selecting the courses for the next term and he asks diego for advice on this matter .
conor would love to go skiing in the place that george has showed him .
jacob quit smoking a month ago . thomas quit a long time ago and confirms it is a difficult battle . andrea wants to stop and feels motivated by her friends words .
monica made out with ross at an office party two months ago . now monica is pregnant . ross is married .
josh met the man involved in the whiskey incident between his flights .
frederic won't make it to the meeting . he is ill .
marine can't come to a meeting with gerard's parents . marine took a job that will make her work all weekend .
britney has new hair . stacey loves it .
andrea and lucy will play summertime at the rehearsal on tuesday at 5 pm .
norman is booking a table for 4 for 7 30 by the window .
connor is learning to code in java and python . victoria programs in c .
there's a power outage on the whole street and isobel has dinner in the oven .
elliott is stressed before the exam and even though aurora calms him down saying he's palmerston's favourite student , he'd like to study with her tomorrow at around 5 p . m .
kaja has a direct flight to poland at 11pm tonight . andres is in mississauga . he will drive kaja to the airport on his way to pearson . morris is on his way back from work . kaja will be back from poland after new year's eve .
to erik's disappointment , modric has won the ballon d'or .
yannick wants to walk his dog , but it's raining .
mike asked melanie to marry him . laura is very happy for her .
julia and silvana forgot to meet with omer .
heather will be a little late . vickie will put the kettle on .
anna's parcel has arrived at magda's today and can be collected this afternoon . she will pass by and take it .
karren and inga agreed to spend the new year's eve together .
steve is going to take a nap . simon and anna will give him a wake up call when they're going home , so that he can open the door for them .
wojtek put a wrong answer in exercise 5 where the vocabulary should have complied with number and case .
they prefer the second view of the bathroom but evan might choose the first one because mary likes it better .
betty and alice need a book for classes with dr oaks . the book is hard to get . alice will ask tony about it .
liam is impressed by the bandersnatch movie . she wants to read the book now . keira and liam agree that the games in which one can influence a story with their decisions would be useful in school education .
rick can't go paddling with phil as he has classes today . phil and rick plan to paddle on the weekend .
leah , gary and maggie like the band's new song and would like to go to their concert .
zoe found four little kittens in the bush . zoe wants to take them home and keep them in the laundry room . benjamin thinks zoe should first wait for the cats' mom to come around .
cooper is having a rough time because of eric and getting off citabax . kylie is supporting her . cooper will make an appointment with the therapist .
alex and millie are talking about a smoothie which is tasty for millie , but not for alex .
both sam and ben are tired after the journey so they won't go out tonight .
marie and kevin will come to ross' place at 5 pm tomorrow and then they'll figure out where they want to go .
sam smith ordered the meal number 27 for 12 to his place at 20 w 34th st , new york , ny 10001 and waited for the delivery more than the estimated 35 minutes .
there are problems at bill's building site . it's the second time this week . hanna agrees to let bill go earlier today again , but urges him not to talk about too much .
mary and carol want a play date tuesday afternoon . kitty can't make it as she's seeing her in laws .
martin is moving to warsaw in january . he needs to look after new office .
russel and amber are on a trip in the alps . they're visiting innsbruck today . helmut used to go to innsbruck every week . there's no starbucks in innsbruck , so amber and russel have to go to a traditional austrian coffee house .
jeffery will buy two bottles of water .
gina , tony , liam , noah and olivia love alex's painting .
brian allows tom to eat his expired yogurt .
trevor , masha , evans , and their parents are meeting on sunday to celebrate evans' birthday . they will have a picnic if the weather is nice . he is celebrating with his friends on saturday . he will get a backpack form masha's mum and an xbox from trevor and masha . trevor will buy him games after work .
magda will help june on friday .
bridget and tina resign from going for a walk today because it's raining .
caz's car is okay , so he'll visit his dad in the nursing home in coventry tomorrow afternoon . aj and caz are planning another cruise , and caz has almost bought them one for april to portugal . they'll talk about the plans at the weekend . aj has his alarm set for 3 am .
laila loves amsterdam as it is less stressful than paris . she is still learning about her new job and getting to know her boss . she hopes she will be better than the previous one , who was a real bitch in noe's opinion . laila also likes her german roommate . noe will visit her soon .
mary will come in an hour . barbara needs to go out can can't leave jerry alone .
joan's going home an hour late .
tom is looking for family friendly films . he should check out incredibles , zootopia , despicable me , toy story , inside out and up .
ashley and mom got mr . fluff yesterday . christine will be able to see him tomorrow .
jasmine needs to walk some more to reach her goal today .
jeff will print something for simone .
surinder got a fancy goldfish . his tank is too small . kate gives him advice on the size of the tank and the place to keep it . surinder has a red cap oranda . goldfish like the company of other goldfish . surinder will get a bigger tank today .
cara and liz went shopping without elsa .
eva , heather and jessica are wondering why the movie '50 shades of grey' is so successful .
mary hasn't seen jenny recently . jenny had some serious health problems and she's back home . tobias , miriam and george didn't know it .
broderick is going to do it tonight even though he may be dismissed if the university authorities find out .
the meeting starts at 11 . clara will be on time , cindy will be late , she has a meeting before .
natalie will pick up gerda tonight at 7 for dinner at the new thai place on main street .
wojtek asked mary out once . she went out with henry .
joe is going to the bookstore to get the curious incident of the dog in the night time by mark haddon . chad doesn't read but has heard it's great .
tomorrow prof . harris won't be teaching her class because she's sick .
natalie prepared the birthday cake for dad and vincent finds it awesome .
john has just become a dad . his daughter s name is kaitlin .
tom will pick fiona up , but may be late to do so . tom has a meeting at 5 . tom will text fiona .
helen is not going to the party because she needs to finish a project .
ariel and olivier are going on a trip . ariel has already paid for accommodation . olivier is going to give the money back to her in local currency once they arrive at their destination .
jared needs a new phone . skyler suggests jared to buy samsung s8 , not s9 . jared will see s8 after work .
olivia has opened an account in tom's bank . now they can set up a joint account . paul will book a boat for this weekend .
mom and dad won't come to brigitte this saturday because mom wants to garden . mom bought a lot of plants on wednesday . brigitte will come over to help her .
michael will have lunch with paul tomorrow at 1pm to talk about camilla .
tom thinks it is necessary to buy a new washing machine because the old one makes a strange noise . anna doesn't think it is necessary but she agrees to go to the shops to check the offers .
roy will visit gwen at 7 and he'll bring some wine .
jim is going to help out his old friend . martin wants jim to get dressed according to the weather as they are going on a trip in a week .
mike thinks tom should buy a travelcard .
tom is meeting up with charles and elisabeth .
the essay has to be uploaded through turnitin , which always takes some time around deadlines .
margaret and brad are preparing a conference on the 8th and 9th of march . margaret has booked the place and brad is working on invitations . they still need to find accommodation , caterers , and volunteers . alice will take care of the paperwork .
sophia and oliver broke up again , but they still see each other almost every day . oliver thinks they won't get back together this time . noah and oliver will go out for beer on friday .
martin is invited to watch the game at sebastian's place at 8 .
lily will call liam in 20 minutes .
zack told bronn that the gym was open on saturdays but it was closed and it could take a month .
deirdre has just returned from family vacation in portugal . it was bad , they got the wrong apartment , the food was scarce , the pool water was dirty and had too much chlorine in it . she's going to ask for compensation from vivaldi . she and sharon are going to meet on tuesday at 6 pm .
in the shooting on staten island a policeman was wounded by friendly fire . he was brought to the intensive care unit of alex's hospital . megan's friend who works there says he's in a bad state . megan will keep alex updated about him . there's a lot of journalists around the hospital .
tobi couldn't cross the pakistani border on armenian passport . anna could continue the business trip to islamabad . their boss didn't answer the phone to confirm , so tobi had to go back to ahmedabad .
harry was about to check out at tesco when lindsay remembered she still needs a few more things . harry got everything she wanted .
judith haven't called samantha , even though it is samantha's birthday .
cath is going to a party tomorrow . she has lost the invitation . the party is at 2pm at sir bouncealot soft play , next to the garden centre , opposite the dry cleaner's . keela's name is not spelt kia . keela likes unicorns with rainbows and glitter . maria sent invitations 2 weeks ago .
nathaniel and maddison are still on time to join mandy and andrew . christina can only join them at 9 . 15pm . andrew and christina will go out tomorrow instead , because it's boring there today anyway .
susan and evelyn want to go on holiday together with lora in august . susan will talk to lora .
the show starts at 16 30 . lauren is on her way and will try not to be late . she and kyle spent the night preparing a costume for her .
louise isn't going running with brett today due to bad weather and because she's going out .
neither paul nor celine has been to the new pizzeria yet .
raquel needs trevor to send her pictures for miss trenton's presentation tomorrow .
priya appeared today on a radio show live across london . she wished she'd recorded it .
mom will be home soon and she will buy bread on her way .
maureen has just moved to a new house . lucy will visit her soon .
cristina and jaeden are up early , she's going to the airport , he was woken up .
kate will meet luise and they'll go to see the new aquaman movie and then to the chinese bistro they ate in last week .
mike is bringing his kid to see pitt and jo .
ava will buy maya pjs in topshop for christmas .
mrs loder wants to make an appointment to get facial and nails done on friday . bettina doesn't have a long enough slot on friday . bettina invites mrs loder thursday at 18 00 .
pearl looked for vince yesterday but he wasn't on the yacht . vince had some drinks with his friend at the yacht club .
ellen , donald and bill regret leaving the hotel as the new place is horrible . ellen is additionally sorry they did not wait for her while she was in the toilet .
justine is not answering her phone or texting on the group . clare is worried about it . florence , amelia and maggie already got used to it .
the company where walter and khandi work is late with payment of bonuses and won't fix the mens' toilet .
filip is in vietnam .
fiona sends ian a photo of herself in grade school .
avery went on a date with josh from the cinema . ella saw him kissing with abby two days ago .
nora might be late , because her bus broke down . wanda recommends her to call the boss . nora will do it .
malia needs athena's help with english .
phil and vic support nancy's idea to create a business profile in social media .
grace would like to visit new york , especially central park . fred recommends seeing it in fall .
thanks to george , jim knows now how to move the screen left or right .
harry's sister got married .
morgan got a new car .
harry talked to his family about his father's past . he managed to find his brother on facebook . harry isn't sure if he wants to meet him .
tobias wants to buy a car . dave offers him an audi at a good price so tobias is going to take it for a test drive on saturday .
vivianne hasn't settled the last payment for her account . to unlock it , she has to issue the outstanding amount in the local office .
hugh , fred and jim are going fishing on sunday . jim will take his portable fridge with beer in it . fred will be driving , so he won't be able to drink .
rose bought a new jacket at a thrift store on 1st ave and pride st . her mom paid a part of the price . lily doesn't like the idea as she thinks people use vintage stores to make a profit .
allen wants to know the date of an immunology exam . it's on the 5th of march . april will go to the last lecture tomorrow , because the official date will be given . there is no information about the retake .
andrew is enthusiastic about the new law legalizing marijuana . david is much more sceptical and claims that after a decade everyone will regret the government's decision .
pakistan won a cricket match against new zealand .
coco sends ads her recipe for cookies . ads makes the cookies and wants to come with them to coco tomorrow but coco is seeing some old friends instead .
alan , wendy , dorothy , and mark are meeting for a barbecue at alan's place . darryl will not come . alan asks to bring some beer and salads .
lucas is going to play chess after school . zara recons it's an obsession .
howard's autistic sister has just got a job in a cafe that employs disabled people . sandra and howard will visit her at work .
allie got hold of a book which is much craved for at the university library . she refuses to share it with nelly .
cheryl invited her friends for the dance tomorrow . derek is going to pick cheryl and daniel .
mark took the wrong subway and he may be late . anna and nestor will buy the tickets .
cristina is determined to do an internship in an embassy or consulate abroad . she send one to polish consulate in harare .
jarrell left his phone under culver's bed . he will come and pick it up in 20 minutes . abilene will make coffee .
mike and john both watched the game and found it very boring .
it's gustav's birthday . donna is celebrating his birthday at a concert in the concert hall and she is going to the cementary tomorrow since it's their 21st wedding anniversary . ferdinand went to gustav's grave yesterday and lit a candle .
jessica is planning to go to lia's hair salon . andrea went there 2 months ago and her hairdresser's name was jane .
bonny and clyde are going to spend time together .
mary doesn't know where kate is , maybe with carl .
jake and kouki will have something to eat at the cafeteria downstairs .
tom was bullied as a kid so he spent time playing online games . tom wants to go out more so he will see bobby in an hour .
robert , monica and rose are going to the club . rose will be late , she will join after yoga class after 9 pm .
mila's train was late so she's worried about catching her flight . peter wants mila to let him know as soon as she lands .
john and frank are watching the match . liverpool has 28 points this season .
tonya has a session . she had a lot of time to learn , but she left it for the last weekend .
frankie is going to a concert of passion , he will buy a cd and get autographs for dan .
richard , thomas and mary wrote a test . april hasn't given out grades yet .
july , carl and alex have two papers due next week . the new media paper is due on tuesday . the sociability essay is due on wednesday . they have to print it and bring it to the class .
michael feels melancholic and he wants to watch some drama today . gabi recommends him to see roma .
olivia will pick up ivan at 6 pm .
diana's mother died a year ago . danielle's mother died in 1977 . they used to talk every day at 9 pm .
daniel is collecting the presentations from start mangt to send them to the professor by sunday . he has received 31 e mails out of 51 so far . the deadline is tomorrow at 23 59 .
kim and jack landed , they are at the airport in pisa . the flight was delayed .
arno went to greece and italy last year . anna booked the tour to greece with happy travels travel agency . arno gives andrew their number .
ben tried but couldn't help ben with resetting the router .
katy is at the entrance . lucy and lily are at the main entrance of the university . jorge is in the library . katy will join lily and lucy in 5 minutes .
tom enjoys watching brooklyn 99 .
danny broke up with laura a week ago . emily is shocked about it .
robert and ned are getting excited for the new season of game of thrones .
frank and harriet can't meet up with lisa this evening .
natalia's found a divergence the homepage says iraq , but the articles are in turkish . the address is from iraq .
a new bag that scarlet wants to buy is too shiny . lisa and lindsay want her to take the next one she found , which is only 20 .
tim thinks he's not good at relationships . he's always placing somebody else's interest before his .
a weird guy keeps talking to audrey , although she doesn't respond . emma will call her to help .
archie has just seen leo entering the faculty .
tatum's teaching english at a kindergarten , but it's horrible and he can't work there . he only needs to go tomorrow , on thursday , friday and next thursday and friday . he prefers teaching teenagers and adults .
olivia is with emma at the doctor's . hannah is hungry . there's nothing to eat at home . olivia will get tacos on her way home .
eva and paige are going to mark's party . the party is taking place far from the center , where buses are infrequent . eva and paige will take a taxi to get there and split the bill .
mike is watching a movie on tv and ann is bored , so they'll go bowling together .
gina wants to grab some beer with annie later . annie feels she's fat and needs to work out instead .
lara and dad are stressed from work . lara will see diana for lunch on sunday .
angelica is a bit ill .
jo is getting married in 8 weeks . some of the guest haven't confirmed , so she can't plan the seating . jo's sister plans hen weekend in paris . tabitha could go . jo's mum and aunt go there as well .
mia's mum joanne sends her detailed instructions on how to make chicken stock water , carrots , celeriac , pasrley , onion , a few chicken wings and spices . mia has a date night with john and wants to cook for him .
it is very cold where frank and trevor are . frank can't leave the cabin because of the snowfall in the last two weeks .
moira is looking for a digital camera for around 500 pln . patrick will help her to look for it .
jenny is going to stay 4 more days and coming back on thursday . owen misses her . they are invited to his mum's for sunday , but he doesn't want to go .
ismael went to see his family in jordan . it was hot .
jared found two similar looking videos . lilly and jared wonder if the similarity has been done on purpose . lilly will send the videos to jonathan .
jake doesn't think kyle can order prescribed medicine via shoppers .
heather and lola are waiting for judy at jason's apartment no 7 .
kim has been to sicily in italy . she visited the cities taormina , syracuse , gela and many small villages .
little keeley looks like her father lewis as a baby . shelly does not like keeley wearing a bow .
tim's mother can give up eating sweets for a longer period . tim and kimberly envy this ability .
shug have seen celie's cousin .
nick has given a speech in front of 200 people . he was nervous , but , according to joe , it was good .
andy and caron had a wonderful weekend . caron suggested that andy should get a dog and keep it in his work bag . they ruled out this idea eventually . caron will come visit andy for a few nights to cuddle up with him .
julia may not be able to meet kira and the others at the pub because she's working late , and then she has to help her parents with internet connection issues .
felicia and eva are not fans of cinemas as they consider them overall too expensive . if eva had to choose , she would prefer helios over multikino . felicia is going to watch halloween .
alison and gill will meet in the centre in an hour and decide where to go .
ryan and tony are going to meet for a beer over a christmas break . mark is staying in berlin .
wanita will be there in 5 minutes .
dan wants to play at jack's place . jack's mother will prepare mini choc rolls .
brina will waiting for greg in front of the coffee shop in 10 minutes .
emily kissed a girl at the party last night and her boyfriend saw it .
mag and tom want to join a group of students , who want to create a movement that would demand second referendum on brexit , or at least organize a referendum about may's dissapointing deal in brussels .
zoe cannot reach her brother on messenger . when she threatens to cut his allowance , will is there and accommodating .
billy has won a cruise and wants to buy a new suitcase .
jeremy and kelly will take an uber to the happy bar grill rakovski .
kirk will be at alexa's place on yardley st in 20 minutes . alexa has four wine bottles at home .
anna needs to take the chronicles of narnia to school , but mary cannot buy it anywhere . lora will ask albert if he has them .
patricia and jane will go on an organised trip to thailand , vietnam and cambodia . they will go in july . patricia will ask her boss for a time off and jane will contact the agency . she will send patricia the details . they will take a direct flight . the trip lasts almost 2 weeks and costs around 2k .
anne needs to ask another favour to of kate , that is to help her find a book entitled salvation and suicide by d . chidester .
steve and anna are going to have dinner tonight . steve will pick up anna at 9 p . m . from the dance school after her salsa class .
alba is not coming for the dinner with mom . mom has been asking about alba the whole week .
sash is coming over to red's with his own controller .
rashid's son , yusuf , went to high school . hussein is also good .
leah can't meet kevin for lunch today because she has a gathering with the boss of bosses in half an hour .
elen changed the plans due to the weather .
emily hasn't seen vice . brie has seen it with mike and liked it , but is wondering about historical issues . emily has a lot to do today , but may watch it tomorrow .
laza is working now . oki and laza will keep talking tomorrow .
vincent is picking up erica at 7 . 15pm for a meal at rosita's .
nick is going to bill's house tonight and will bring beers .
nat and olivia will attend the first class of 'self defence for beginners' on monday .
ian will be there in about an hour . phil will start the meeting but won't go into details until ian arrives .
tom proporsed to carol . she will celebrate it with monica , tina and barb .
claire and patric will probably go to the cinema with rose and john tonight . claire and patric are having dinner with his parents on sunday . claire will bake some cupcakes .
sylvia will be late . she will come in about 30 minutes . bill will order pizza now .
emily wants to change her haircut but she wasn't happy with her hairdresser , so she asked emma for contact details to hers . emma's hairdresser usually accepts customers as they go , without appointment .
christian is back from his trip . steve got up early today and , took kids to school at 7 and finished his own classes at 11 . christian will finish a meeting and will call steve .
sebastian watched a video on youtube during a lecture and he got kicked out from the class . he will grab a beer with flinn and joshua tomorrow .
maria can't find her books . john says they're on the topmost shelf , below john's files and papers . maria finds her books .
birgit , isabella , peter and steve will meet at vana turg .
jasmine and jessica are organizing a get together for the people in their group to integrate them more . they decide to create a facebook group for those people and then invite them to a place that offers bowling and pool among others .
charles will come to kate at 9 to hook up .
scott and tobias bought a big mirror on offer in ikea .
raphael was in florence last weekend . jeremy called him but raphael didn't pick up . raphael were in florence with some friends , among them mark . jeremy is a bit jealous .
tommy reveals he fancies tara . he wants to invite her for lunch . tara needs to check her agenda . tara asks if he has a movie star .
erasmus can't write an essay tomorrow . he should take an excuse from the doctor for his absence .
rory and eleanor s favourite bookshop offers a discount on agatha christie s books .
laila is making an appointment to get her nails , facial and haircut done . shaun invites laila at 4 pm on sunday .
dylan didn't hide maya's doll that she cannot find anywhere .
arthur and darren find it ironic that environment summit is sponsored by coal companies .
patrik invites cindy to come over to his flat and watch the oscars . cindy accepted the invitation . patrik wants la la land to win .
julia doesn't know why donald trump won the election . james explains some reasons and recommends a book , fire and fury .
francesca wanted to become a soldier . frederick wanted to become a teacher . his math teacher died of cancer few years after he graduated .
alex wants to chat with agnes and anna on the phone . agnes is with a lawyer and anna is at the shops . they will let alex know when they're free .
ava and noah must submit their assignment tomorrow . they will meet tomorrow at 5 and help each other with problematic questions .
sue's pet has a cancer . the tumor under his eye broke . she's taking him to vet on monday .
sydney needs to look for a new job as he can't stand her manager . tatum is proud of sydney for having the guts to tell their manager off . rochester will talk to people about the job for sydney .
g eazy's concert will take place on 25 november in poland . neither marlene nor denique are going to come .
dr haller died . there's a death notice on the front door of the university . george , daniel and david will go to dr haller's funeral .
jason can meet with professor johnson during his office hours , which is from 12 to 2 pm every tuesday . he has to make an appointment first .
tom is under the weather so he might go to bed early .
wayne wants to know why eva broke up with smith .
lily looks great in the new haircut . lily will ask caroline if she knows any good cleaners and zoe will ask paul .
heather , yani and others think the new candy crush game is childish and they dislike it .
aretha has put some plants from dorothea on lucia's terrace this morning .
susy claims that randy's laptop is on the shelf . randy has fed the cat .
kevin is going to rent a flat in london first and then go for buying on greg and martha's recommendation .
charlie wants to buy some dark chocolate . he should look at simply . next friday laurie will give him a lift to lidl , where she finds products she can't find anywhere else . he's spending this weekend in london with some friends . he'll bring laurie some digestive and marmelade one of each .
anna watches romantic movies and series on netflix . she's dating a guy . anna and julia will watch some strong and feminine movie tonight .
alex and sara both come from texas and now they live in la . sara doesn't go out a lot here as opposed to alex who suggests he can take her to some of the nice places he knows one day .
colbert said too much last night .
daniel tries to talk kaylee into trying base jumping , he's already got tickets , but kaylee won't go with him , because she's afraid of heights .
eli can't sleep . she tried to drink herbs and reading a book . tore recorded himself reading for eli .
elizabeth thinks kate is nice but leopold finds her unsettling . leopold reckons kate might be a psychopath because she smiles all the time . elizabeth suggests he is acting suspiciously .
perry wants to work in ey . josh knows a guy who has a junior position there and can share his experiences with perry .
michael spent all his savings for university fees this month .
jenson and alene are there . jenson is satisfied . fatima plans to go there with lincoln . alene forgot her swimming suit . alene and jenson will buy another one tomorrow . alene has problems with motivation and has quit all the diets she tried . jenson encourages alene to treat her depressive states .
alex will probably set notifications on his phone just for erik . eric is calling him right now .
penny will come to sam's party . sam will go to the museum on friday . penny won't . sam will give a lift to penny's son . penny will move her party by two weeks at sam's request . sam's guide on the museum tour was hard to understand . sam had lunch at a nice restaurant later .
pat refuses to let cindy take pat's bag .
camilla's and stina's children are going to the cinema on wednesday before lunch . they will see marry poppins . they don't have to pay for the tickets . camilla was planning to see marry poppins on saturday .
jeffrey and marylin will binge watch something on netflix tonight .
marisa , luke , austin , emilia and doug have a test tomorrow . lopez sent the presentations 3 weeks ago and they were found in the trash folder . next time they should remember not to delete forwarded emails from their private inboxes .
emily plans a boat trip in croatia or greece . it will cost around 1000 euros for 7 nights per person . 6 people declared that they will go .
eric will pick up loreen's parcel at the post office .
paul is getting married .
frank let lucas' mother in .
fredrik invited patrik for a beer after work . he will join as soon as he solves the campaign related issues .
ricky will have a knee surgery next thursday in burlington . this is much sooner than the expected 2026 . ricky is scared . he'll meet with lucy for lunch .
hattie , edith and pembroke are going to cooler's for lunch . they are meeting at 1 pm .
peter will come to hailey's house warming party on sunday .
lily needs to study for the exam and luke keeps sending her stuff .
william and his companion were driving from cancun to merida . despite the difficulties , they found their airbnb accommodation . now , they have a plan to do some sightseeing in the capital of yucatan .
mike will drive peter's mom to the supermarket .
lisa is hosting a birthday dinner at 6 p . m . matthew should buy some olive oil , tomatoes and garlic on his way .
paula had a strong stomach ache . ibuprofen didn't help . frank took her to the hospital . the doctors have diagnosed an appendicitis . paula will have a surgery today . susan will come to the hospital in an hour .
robert is picking jane up and they are going out even though it's raining heavily .
nate got a c .
amy had an unpleasant encounter with a stranger on the bus 446 in the evening . a young man rescued her from the situation .
bonny is angry with mary that she asked the repairmain to come tomorrow as there will be noone at home , but it turns out that mary is taking half a day off .
ola will go to turks and caicos for the reading break . matt can't go home , he has no money for a flight ticket . he will join bruce and jeannie in carrot river . they will depart next friday after school . bruce will drive .
duke can't come to the party because of an exam that he has tomorrow .
monty needs the number of kurt's father to ask him about something . kurt will give monty the number .
rose is a fan of friends . trish got a t shirt with them , she will give it to rose .
kelvin helps filip learn more about a band filip asked about . kelvin asks his friends involved in music and finds out the band is still playing . filip was listening to the bands cd today . kelvin will find out where the band will play next .
caro came back from her travelling . kate and caro are meeting for lunch in rack and pinion on wednesday at 2 30pm . caro will book them a table in the lounge bar .
regina will embroider a small table cloth with a monogram on it for eric . regina will choose the pattern .
silas and aurora say good night to each other .
erin got those biscuits from waitrose .
yesterday's soccer match was disappointing . lewandowski's first touch didn't come out well . arjen is recovering his fitness . midweek there'll be an important match at old trafford .
samantha's buying a dress for sara's wedding . jonas prefers the green and blue one , doesn't like the yellow one .
alice spent 6 hours in the train because of the weather .
charlie's date last night was a total disaster . he came a little late because his girlfriend was never on time . when he was waiting for her , he drank some wine and talked to other girls . when his girlfriend arrived , he was drunk . she became angry and took him home .
nora is coming to barbara's birthday party tonight . monica would like to stay at home , but she will pop up there for an hour too . nora will bring monica her book .
paul will become manager . dorothy and patricia are frustrated they weren't promoted .
aria sent isabelle and eliza a song . they all love it .
russel recommends owen a cookbook . owen starts thinking that he should get into cooking as well .
peter is angry , because brexit makes uk a laughing stock .
luke tells cage that netflix cancelled daredevil for season 3 .
ian will come to the house soon , but he is stopping for fuel first . alice has left her house keys in the car .
henriette , jody and marcia didn't get the book for the mindfulness course in the college library . henriette will order it on amazon .
tim is coming to warsaw for at least a month and wants some clothing tips from marika and max .
mia , sarah and beth are excited about spice girls reunion and want buy tickets to their live show .
marianne is coming on the flight 179 from dubai on march 9th at 11 20 am . janet wants to use her visit as an excuse not to go to ben's mother's birthday party on sunday .
jenny needed tom's help with printing important documents , but eventually it turned out she had her wi fi turned off , which solved the problem .
mother wants to pop in but tina is still in bed . tina will give her a call later .
rob and al are meeting up for dinner , thursday night around 6 . 30ish near v and a museum .
evan is sending alice some funny files even though he should be studying for the exam tomorrow .
people will kill each other faster than the asteroid approaching earth , according to james . he's tired of old people making decisions for the entire nation .
karen is waiting for anthony with dinner but he is stuck in the traffic jam . he supposes he might be home in more than an hour so she'll have to reheat the chicken .
alice wants mark to change his network so they have free calls .
andrew will be in london next week and would like to meet up . ruth is too busy to meet up but sophie and irene will join him towards the end of the week .
mark will meet ann at her place at 11 on saturday .
erica and stan are invited to hope's big day on october 29th .
adam didn't come as he wasn't feeling well . hannah sends him an assignment from mr . peter , she also offers help .
alan can't go to the pub tonight , because his daughter suzie is not feeling well and his wife meryl wants him to stay home .
xavier has run out of his coffee . elena asked him to buy it , along with a lot of other things , in hale banacha after his work .
it's winter and it's already dark at 4 pm , but ali and melody like winter nevertheless .
jim will take a shower at carl's place . the key is under the mat .
matthew and monica are going to the cinema on friday , but haven't decided on a movie yet . they must go by the end of november or their vouchers will expire . angelina is considering going to a movie about neil armstrong . matthew and monica will most likely go too and will reserve the tickets .
kyle will pick dotty up at the crossroads shortly . kyle will drive dotty to the patches green area and they will go for a walk there . dotty has a healthy lifestyle .
joshua has been waiting 50 minutes for alfie and alfie needs another 5 minutes to get ready .
daniel will bring some beers for himself and david .
lillie isn't sure about the party yet . jeffrey has an exam on tuesday . the party is on friday .
lucy and jack have arrived to the hotel after their trip . st . peter's basilica is 20 minutes away and it is 20 degrees there .
laura got some cookies sponsored by the new mayor of warsaw at a subway station .
marvin texted ruth worried about mark since they had something to talk over and he hasn't contacted marvin since the weekend . after calling jodie he found out that mark has been in the hospital with a broken leg .
barba loves the new boutique on high street and persuades rella to go there with her as they know the owner .
calvin will help amy correct some typos on her website .
bob and john don't like black friday . harry prefers cyber monday , which is the monday after black friday .
ariel forgot her gloves . rick will drop them off . ariel wanted them to have lunch together , but rick is fasting .
priti went to an interview for that ta position and she met ben from camp there . priti found ben cute .
tracy will pick up alan from school in half an hour .
alex is impressed with venom movie he saw . brian did not have the time to watch it , but he is planning to do it over the weekend .
robert recommends steve watching 500 days of summer .
bob recommended the sci fi books the expanse and rob is interested in reading them .
craig and jonathan are going to eat crisps and cookies .
max will check out the new song . oliver loves it .
oli broke up with anita , and she's upset about it .
sean can't stand the new netflix film , outlaw king . he thinks it is disgracing scottish history .
paula and kate will call each other in the evening .
ella won't be there tonight as she is sick .
gaia is busy with the exams . osana will call her in the afternoon .
karen , thomas and ryan are planning what to bring to the party .
iimogen doesn't know the football schedule although she works in a pub .
helen took marcia's powder and forgot to put it back .
linda and taylor will drive michelle to chris' party .
carter hasn't finished the report so his boss is mad . madelyn will make carter some nice dinner to cheer him up .
anne will pick harry up from the sainsbury's around 5 pm .
therese will take the dog to the vet , as micheal can't make it .
roger cannot cope with the kids after kim left him . roger will hire a child minder to avoid being late to work . lorna will call her cousin chris to ask if she can work for roger .
griffin and cara miss each other and griffin will come to hers later .
frann met diana yesterday . she didn't come to his party . diana attended a workshop yesterday . when she's in poland she goes there regularly .
julia convinced mason to buy new clothes . mason's mother , mia , is glad he's picking out clothes in the shop . mason sends mia photos of the shirts he chose . mia advises mason to take them both .
barry and michael will watch football instead of playing as michael broke his leg yesterday .
tamara is jealous of casper lovingly commenting on julie's photos , his high school friend . he will call her later and explain .
he has a fight with a school security guard , mr . mathews . shanon guesses it was about cheating .
alex needs some stuff from mike's computer , he doesn't have a password though . the password is in the blue notebook , as noah says . noah is coming to the office and he'll get alex some coffee .
cheryl , terry and jen have a lot of time so they'll take a train to berlin .
joe can't stop thinking about yesterday's kiss with kendy . they will see each other for sunday lunch .
gregory's grandma spent 3 weeks in hospital , but she's better now and she's back home . gregory has always wanted to be a doctor , but mary got pregnant young , and he needed to get a job , so he wasn't able to study medicine .
chissie saw marty's brown boots in the boot of her car .
it's pam's birthday tomorrow . she'll go for a trip to a little town and spend some time with herself . on the weekend she'll celebrate with wendy and glesny .
kate sends jenna a video they both find cute .
maria won t get the biggest present because she didn t find the last easter bunny .
ashley will teach spanish to erin and becky , just as she used to do to george and kelly who recommend it . ashley will meet them on tuesday to give some tips before they go to a spanish speaking country .
lisa had a hectic day . she will be back home this weekend and she will meet jeremy .
marcello uses laundromats .
the tickets for opener cost 519 pln exclusive of taxes for 4 days if bought before 17 december . after that the price is 600 pln exclusive of taxes .
susanna had her first day at school .
samantha has grown a lot of apples . she will bring two baskets of them to soph . samantha will call oli to ask about an organic juice producer . she thinks about taking her apples there .
bobby has pneumonia , but is getting better .
scott will give kim his spare laptop .
otto will wait at the reception desk to show the way to room 456 . he'll meet jodie and vincent at 10 .
rita is still in the meeting . donna will come at 4 . 45 .
in his new profile picture tom is wearing something silly on his head . tom had a different facebook profile before 2017 . milena shows katie some of the photos from the old profile that she saved .
meg and muray are divorced . meg is taking jason to ireland on holiday in february .
elisabeth , ellen , jeff and jeremy will have a beer night at the new belgian bar downtown around 8 pm tonight .
tony and jack are leaving for puerto del rosario tomorrow at 8 .
sarah got some valentine's cards this year . brayden didn't get any card .
tom found on ebay a book with a short story about dragons he wrote . he's been looking for it for some time .
the concert starts at 8 pm . leslie and christina will meet at 7 pm in front of the dome near the statue with the birds .
joan went missing and her parents contacted police .
fred is watching a man being famous for eating different sorts of things in his videos . marjorie thinks it's weird .
mike and dora went to dublin . it's raining all the time . they might do the escape room later tonight . they're going to the concert tomorrow .
judy was supposed to meet some friends for coffee , but she got stuck in the traffic and might not make it in time .
eliza brought her new dog home . it does not have a name yet .
petra is staying at home tonight .
carol can shrink the oversize sweater in the dryer instead of returning it .
sue and andy had dinner last night . andy liked the food , but was quiet afterwards . andy doesn't like curry , sushi and raw food in general , but he likes italian cuisine . andy and sue will meet again for dinner on sunday .
son has spent over 2 hours playing games . mom wants son to start studying for his exams next week .
henry has to make an apple pie for tomorrow and asks his mother to buy apples
ansel suggests that annemarie see the film the cold war with peter .
adam books a table in vanessa's café for tomorrow at 12 pm .
sandrine is considering going to yasmina's university event on march 8th for women's day .
according to gabriel and jacob , kathy looks very nice .
ezra jokes about him being the ezra miller , the fastest man alive . carson doesn't appreciate the joke in the middle of the night .
wendy is going to the shop and will buy yogurt and a chocolate bar for alex . wendy will be back in 15 minutes .
jake can't find a restaurant for tomorrow . sam and jake are ordering sushi sets no . 5 and 7 , and 6 pizzas for 10 people .
pete lost his wallet . sandy will look for it .
mia is in love . emily teases her .
peter and wendy are leaving tomorrow .
instead of going to church last night , brigitte went out for pizza with jason's parents who are visiting .
greg needs to settle his payments before the end of march .
jacob's girlfriend insists he become a vegan so he might give it a try . rob is supportive of this .
julianna thinks europe is safer than here , because there are less laws there . here teachers may get accused of children sexual harassment for just touching a student , which julianna thinks might be a bit too strict , but sometimes can be good too , because some people are pedophiles after all .
alfred will buy some milk on his way home .
helen and olivia are visiting wendy tonight . wendy is not well . olivia will pick helen up from 7 , randolph avenue , oxbridge , ox45 6dz at 6 . 20 .
mike's got a new expensive bike .
zach did poorly on his history exam and is worried about his parents' reaction . he doesn't feel like talking to laura .
serena has not seen tabitha since tuesday . tabitha might be travelling somewhere on her own . darin and serena think this is bad .
jo and fran want to see the tina turner musical .
freddie and salvatore received a strange message in italian from monika . monika forwarded the message and did not realise that it was spam .
jane's voip phone isn't working . gary tells her to reboot the device . if it doesn't help , he'll drop by tomorrow to check it .
braydon wants to see what jane is wearing to bed .
samantha wants to know if parents are home . they are not . susan supposes samantha is drunk again .
the pumpkins album is good but so short . carrie likes she's on my mind by jp cooper .
linda is getting married . she is choosing a bouquet .
delia wants to have some italian lessons with martha . martha moved out of rome and she will be back in january for a few months . they will have conversations then . martha will look for somebody for now .
kate and marta will meet at marymont subway station .
chantal and maya will catch up over the phone on saturday .
joyce's mum will drop by in the evening .
johny doesn't want to go for love actually to the cinema , because he and kayla have already seen it many times .
angie took fred's statistics book . she will bring it to school .
henry missed the last economics class because he had to go somewhere with his brother . the teacher gave students one more week to hand in the assignment . henry will come to class tomorrow .
he broke up with gabrielle . gabrielle was unhappy about the mess he made in her apartment and suggested their relationship was pointless . he immediately agreed . gabrielle had hopes for the relationship .
mohamed had great time with mary . mary wants his advice on which arabic course to pick . mohamed suggests classic one so mary could talk to all the arab world .
alicia got engaged to mike . they haven't set the date yet , but when they do , she'll let sheila know .
mandy wants to win a lottery and have a lot of money . she believes money can fix problems , unlike mary .
victoria and anna discuss the show outlander which victoria recently started watching . they both enjoy outlander but not black sails .
john has to move due to some financial problems .
diana enjoyed her vacation . she loved the kayak trip . she brought michelle a gift . michelle would like to go with her next time .
at the maths test , sandra got 95 and alex got 55 , which is still a pass . they are studying for the tomorrow's physics test .
charlie will book tickets to curacao . robin will book the hotel . it's black friday so the tickets are 150 one way .
memphis told tina to lock up the front door .
kristen reassures marcus she has arrived there .
grey is coming to henry because henry has food .
carmen watches tv and do yoga to relax . trudy smokes weed for the same reason . kian complains she is very stressed lately , she needs holidays . trudy invites her for a joint . kian renounces .
laura's at the post office and agrees to get hank the stamps he's asking for .
erica and juliet are bored at work , and there are still several hours left till the end .
time flies and it's february already .
sophie will come to matt's place for breakfast on thursday at 10 am .
uri congratulates avner and yoav .
natty has got air combat pilot .
patty has no plans for new year's eve , so jill will check if there is any accommodation available at the seaside . they won't go to dean's party as it's dull .
ed saw anne smith on the list in the music club but it is not anne . anne doesn't have time for this . ed is considering joining the computer lab club .
tyson has been stuck on the train for 40 minutes . gabriella will take the bus then .
after weeks of delay , sam has got those samples for jessica .
nash and raymond are going to a party today .
henrietta started her zumba classes . rilla used to practice zumba . the classes are on mondays at 5 p . m .
jeremy spends christmas with hist family , his three brothers came . max spends christmas with his brother and mother .
mila is studying food and nutrition at ubc and renting an apartment . mila doesn't live with brody but they still keep in touch . she finds ubc stressful . jason will visit mila in vancouver during the first week of february .
jackie is selling cookies for christmas charity in lower place . jensen is willing to come .
anna has been a vegetarian for a month . anna is vegetarian too and she ate meat a few times , especially when she was hungry and couldn't have anything else . she still eats fish . mary highly recommends chlorella pills , vitamin b12 and d3 .
toni is in the cafeteria . she will play fifa with leticia . leticia's coming in 5 minutes . cleo's busy . she will join them in 1 hour .
on behalf of the committee , christopher invites amanda to the 14th congress of internal medicine , to be held barkley street on 14th of december 2018 . amanda will be unavailable then . christopher wants amanda to tell her husband about the congress , it could be interesting for him .
edward will meet john at 10 am and give him a lift .
caron will see dee in 5 . caron is in the office . dee will buy milk as caron's nearly out .
marcin has shown anna the newest interview with nel .
enrique starts his european tour on may 1st and his concert in poland will be held on may 7th in cracow . the tickets cost from 180 to 300 pln . diane and june are buying the tickets in the golden circle area . they will departure on 4 . 05 and return on 8 . 05 .
this year sophie is going to the festival with william . he recommended the concerts of charlotte gainsbourg and thom yorke .
thomas is buying tickets . mike and jane choose aisle seats , patricia prefers window .
kevin shared his music with margaret . she bought him a voucher for music classes . she's going to listen to it after her meal .
sophia is waiting for dad to come home and take her for dance classes . jacob has asked ethan to text sophia when dad comes home .
jelmer booked a table for five people . friends will gather on friday at 8 30 pm .
benjamin had a car accident . nobody got hurt but the car is crashed . he is talking to the police .
as soon as carlie is done with her part of the presentation , gavin will merge all the slides together .
brook will celebrate her birthday with melissa and her closest friends . melissa will choose a place to go for the birthday dinner . after dinner they will go to the pub .
jim will bring some green tea and a scone on elena's request .
mary thinks she's pregnant . john wants to take her to the doctor's to confirm it .
joe will buy food for quentin .
diana alexander's flatmate has been unpleasant to landon . alexander doesn't want to live with her , but he can't move out until 30th of july , unless he finds someone to take his room .
james , laura and donna will meet at 12 .
ian is going to wear brown trousers and a black sweater at the party tomorrow . ian will let evan know how it goes .
john and hamish haven't seen each other for about 25 years . john lives in nottingham , hamish in hull . anna works at university , they have 4 kids with hamish . john broke up with zoe 10 years ago , now he is married to zara and they have a son , stefan , called spike . john runs a homeless shelter .
john will see dora as soon as possible because she has some bad news for him .
stacey signed ginnie on the list . ginnie wasn't there because she had a package to pick up .
brad booked time off next month , on the 20th . brad and claire are going on vacation to spain or italy . they want to rent a house so they can cook and save on food .
abbie needs to talk to someone , she wants to call kelly . kelly has some errands to run but can talk for a bit . abbie will call her now .
woolies and robert wish each other a merry holiday season .
the weather is nice , so joan and layla are going to camden market together .
alice confirms jason's booking .
sylvia will meet sandy tonight around 7 o'clock .
giselle and braxton have broken up because of his short temper .
gary arrived at his meeting without trouble .
maria and jeff are in their room . jose can't come , because he's cuban . they will come out after 5 pm when it's cooler . jose'll write where they can meet .
martin congratulates ruth on her finishing second .
eva is going out with tom morgan and she wants to look gorgeous . they are going to la donna pasticella restaurant . grace suggests a red or orange dress but eva prefers a black one .
ann needs to get to the rehabilitation center today , and mike is working , so she asks mark for help .
matt told mother about pete . he didn't know it was a secret . louise is angry with him .
eve is replacing a friend at work tomorrow morning and she cannot meet irene . irene shows understanding .
evie has not been successful in the sales in zara , but isabella has found something nice .
jake is at home . peter will come in and bring some beer .
john and mary have not been getting along recently . they are meeting tomorrow to talk .
michael's parents finally agreed to buy the dog , a wire fox terrier . the parents made michael sign a contract that he is the owner of the dog , so he's responsible for him and has to take him for a walk , and so on .
keara's sink doesn't drain properly . lenny and nick recommend plumbers they know to keara . sarah has used asda's drain unblocker and it worked well . keara has used several unblockers and they don't work in the long run .
according to heather and paulina , the person who won the community award is a fraud .
bart is on a diet . he eats two apples , one banana , and one orange every day . he doesn't like vegetables .
fiona and gina are in a film school . fiona has problems with writing an essay on dialogues . gina is writing about director's vision .
victoria and jack are throwing a birthday party for mum . they invited the guest and are planning the food .
jenny is preparing herself for halloween and kim is wishing all happy halloween .
stewart sends rod his email address stewart gmail . com . stewart will check his mailbox in five minutes .
heather refuses to go dancing with nicole tonight as she's already in bed .
judie wants to watch altered carbon . mark has watched it already and wants to get the book it is based on .
fiona will send jen more pictures of the catacombs by email .
malvin and martine are trying to book accommodation for their families . they need 5 hotel rooms or a big apartment . martine has found 2 small flats in one building . liv finds it too far but they are going to ignore her .
jack found his glasses on the table .
marion thinks the food she ate with amya last night was tasty , but amya disapproves .
darren didn't see ryan at the gym as he's been working nights in the warehouse . ryan isn't coming on friday either . ryan will give darren a bell .
martin recommends a new movie called money heist to adele as he thinks ozark is too american . both thinks that the season 5 of the house of cards was great but adele did not know that kevin spacey will not be part of the cast in season 6 .
sue's printer stopped working . sam and john are trying to help but to no avail . sam is going to repair it when he's back .
julianna is bored . ivona suggests that they watch the new tv show deal or no deal together .
heidi came back . darrell has moved to lublanska , heidi and darrell work close to each other now , but darrell has to commute 2 , 5h every day . darrell doesn't want to take his car as it burns a lot of fuel . he doesn't have the money to buy a new car . heidi and darrell will meet for lunch at 12 30 .
fred can't access their google account and wants lana to send him some pdfs .
damian took a picture with dwayne johnson's doppelganger at the gym .
robin forgot to pay rent . the landlord is upset . robin promises bruce a beer to make up for it .
thomas is in berlin for a few days now . della was busy . thomas had a hard time because he was finishing his thesis and wanted to leave madrid to have a break from sultana . thomas is having his thesis defense next week . della will call thomas now .
mike and sam are trying to repair sam's bmw . the alternator broke down . they have bought a new one and have to install it .
adrian won't come to see ronaldo and grace as he went out yesterday and drank too much . he goes to sleep . ronaldo will come back soon and hopes to see him then .
harry and joseph are very excited about seeing russell tomorrow night . lizzy and sadie aren't coming . harry will pick joseph at 6 . 30 .
mary and tom miss each other . they will meet tomorrow .
miranda works all the time even on weekends . miranda's friends piss her off with their good advice . tommy reckons miranda will be successful . tommy is drinking with some old friends today .
caro is launching her own company and is busy . talya dances as much as she can and works at a turkish polish foundation . talya is working on a project launching in october . the premiere is planned for may , but talya hasn't booked the theater space yet . there's a big theater festival in may .
they are late for their appointment with trevor .
sue got back home really tired . jack reminds her to get ready for the event .
claire got a job offer for a paid social manager . they work with the fashion industry , so it's interesting for claire . however , it's in swansea . she would prefer something in london or another big city . she's also getting many offers from ireland .
ursula informs jennifer and maya that there's a new cocktail bar serving cocktails , wines and bites next to the place she lives . they all agree to meet at the bar on friday after 4 pm .
jasmin wants to talk to ralph , but he has just woken up . jasmin will get back to him later .
eve is going to watch the new aquaman this weekend . daniel and jil are going to join eve . arthur watched aquaman online and he recommends it .
georgia is tired most of the time because of her pregnancy . leighton is chatting with people from work and looking at vegan accounts on instagram .
harper is sitting alone at home because tom went for a beer with some friends from school . camila had a hard week at work and now she is on the way to her parents to spend a relaxing weekend with her mum .
teresa hasn't played her dixit yet because she'd need 5 people for it . she will organize a group with melinda's help .
courtney agrees to be the group leader but cannot come until saturday morning instead of friday . ellis has no materials to send to her , as they will all be given there . courtney will have a group of about 6 children aged 12 15 , with anna knightley and olivia jordan probably participating in it .
david , ivy and olympia have the presentation in two weeks . they are meeting on saturday morning at olympia's to do all the presentation .
a politician that damon , drake and darcy do not like got a monument of himself . it reminds darcy the monuments put up during the soviet occupation . drake thinks the monument won't stay long because a new government will get rid of it .
samuel has just left , so ricky is leaving as well . samuel and ricky will meet in a moment .
ike , mitch and gus will meet on saturday at 6 pm to watch the game together .
ben , jay , paul , mary and betty will meet up for a pizza and wine .
amber sends adam a photo of the parcel with the purses .
joe was tagged on the photo with a pretty girl .
marsha was in paris for a month during her summer break . jacob worked as a warehouse assistant the entire time .
florence injured her leg while running . she can't come tomorrow . jenson will pick her up from her place tomorrow around 6 pm .
finn's getting ready for his wedding . rory's preparing his speech , so finn gives him some advice . they'll be both wearing kilts . they're planning to meet when rory comes south .
dan will get jimmy some fries with ketchup and mayo .
tom and rebecca are in tunis . although it rained there it's not cold . rachel suggests tom and rebecca could visit algeria next . she states that it's safer than tunisia . she wants to meet in algiers . tom and rebecca will consider it , but they have little time . lia envies them the journey .
lea and mark had a car accident . they are unharmed , but their car is totally destroyed . they will not be able to go on a trip with julia today .
lena is not pleased with the amount of homework she has been given .
laura needs to buy tablet or ipad . ipad's video quality isn't impressive . josh sends laura a collation of apple , samsung and xiaomi's tablets . laura will compare them . they will discuss it tomorrow .
amy is angry , because hilda is smoking inside the house .
angelica is angry with andrew because of the fight they got into yesterday . muriel suggested she needs some time off because all the fights result from seeing each other every day .
zack called petra , but she didn't answer because is in lectures all day . petra will call zack back during the break . zack can write to petra because she can read and write during the lecture . petra can't talk or listen during the lecture .
tori talked to the doctor , but he was busy and tori does not have any news . dad wants to go home and assures that he is fine . tori will let grayson know as soon as she talks to the doctor again .
marie and jerry can't open the file for monday classes . clara can t even log to her email . alex can send them the file , because she had downloaded it before the link expired . they had only 3 days to do it .
adam has ordered a drawing tablet and proper drawing software for his girlfriend .
anne is going to bring nicole the lunchbox she forgot .
leo is going to order pizza . nick will join leo in 5 minutes .
phoebe is buying her first car with aid from ross . before taking the final decision , she should check the car's carfax report , the vin , and make sure it has no flood damage .
daniel did not notice whether ethan was staring at chloe during the presentation .
ricky and kelly are going to catch up at tiffani's on friday around 7 .
miles's new car won't start even though he keeps trying and trying .
mia is back home .
carl can't come to the party because he has a date . carl and steve will meet in the bar tomorrow .
johnny's on the third episode of the crime show devin's recommended to him . johnny's astonished by the action twist but devin assures that the episode 9 will be a shocker for him .
mark forgot doing his homework , so he is going to copy it from thomas .
sharon loved the speech that mr . swan gave at the university yesterday . bennett is considering becoming a writer . sharon encourages bennett to do it .
daryl is sick and , with mom's consent , won't go to school .
lisa spent a nice the afternoon with victor and his daughters . they were at a restaurant to celebrate victor's birthday . they really liked the wine and vegetarian food . they took many pictures together .
caleb will visit zoe today at 4pm . zoe needs to reschedule private tutoring . caleb will come back at 11pm .
micheal can't visit jennifer tonight . he is going to do that tomorrow at 8 pm .
kelly still works in the bank . joe was there last week to deposit a cheque , but didn't see her . kelly is with adam now . adam has his own company , a kebab van , and has ambitions to develop his business . joe saw adam outside the pub one night .
linda and charles are getting married tomorrow . they can't wait for the honeymoon . they can't see each other until the wedding .
chris lent cecilia his notebook and wants it back now .
mom will buy some chips for ross . mom won't buy ross a new phone as he doesn't take care of the one he owns now .
mr lang's daughter emily won't be there today , as she broke her arm yesterday evening . mr lang will send mr king the certificate . mr king will inform ms dotty .
bubbles in not very impressed with her cousin's new boyfriend .
max and ben will meet on saturday to play tennis . ben plays squash every sanday . max will join him next sunday . he has never played it .
ann and laura are leaving in 10 min and they're going by car . regina will join them .
monica sent a picture of snow falling here to tim .
mason and daniel both agree that kids should be vaccinated .
amparo , javier and mike are going to go to the rastro and la central tomorrow . javier will let them know where they are meeting when he finds the right place .
eva and wolf are going on vacation tomorrow . sue sold the car for 2000 rand and she has more space in the garage now .
sarah got the acting job she told miles about . they'll celebrate it at the restaurant at the corner of 2nd avenue and 41st st .
peter and ashley are going to calgary stampede next year . luke and hayley are also coming . peter and ashley are meeting tomorrow to discuss the plans .
ross invited cornelia to a home cooked dinner . cornelia doesn't believe in ross' culinary skills , so she will bring frozen lasagnas . they are meeting at 8 o'clock .
justin did not walk the dog despite dorothy's request and will do it now .
henryk makes derogatory comments about people working as baristas . but their job is hard and they have the right to make mistakes .
bruno needs milk to make pancakes . he will go to the shop now and , at dad's request , buy some butter , too .
max and the other's have changed the location . joe is here .
stephen is looking for a new show to watch . ann is not a fan of this is us . she recommends i love lucy instead .
pat is packing for rome . pat booked a table at a restaurant overlooking the colosseum . emma is envious , but she was in rome many times .
wendy's giving isabel a dolls house for her birthday . they have no furniture or dolls yet , so it's an idea for isla . something from paw patrol or drawing and painting things are further ideas . the party is on the 17th .
paul is claustrophobic and is having an mri scan next week .
andy hasn't seen bodyguard , the new netflix series . so far it consists of six 1 hour episodes . mark thinks it's the best thriller ever . lauren almost got a heart attack watching it .
simon didn't wait for joe to get ready and went to half moon without him . masher was supposed to pick joe up at 7 30 and bring him to the pub but he forgot . joe can never rely on simon .
jeff missed the polish lesson last night , because he got sick . rita will help him to make up the lesson . the next lesson may be rescheduled .
abigail reckons there is no home without a pet . amelia and abigail are both cat lovers .
boris and cyril are going to attend michelle's house party this evening . the party is informal and there is no dress code .
kate will not come because she has a cold .
andy and sonia are going out together .
poly saw a disturbing documentary about china .
a letter sent by agnes did not reach lucy and she suspects that chris might have something to do with it .
bernie agrees to post information about the event involving the networking drinks via twitter . the meeting takes place at scolt's head at 5 . 15 .
grayson bought an expensive coffee machine for the office . the service person that used to work there was bad at his job .
the group's meeting at starbucks at the railway station .
anna is broken hearted after a break up with her boyfriend . she needed to end it but she still misses him .
balthazar recommends melissa alexandria quartet by durrell to read during christmas break .
susie can't meet emily again because of work . susie hopes next week will be better .
raquel can't go because her car broke down . noel offered to take her .
it's been 2 months since stanley and angela's graduation . stanley and angela are trying to arrange a meeting of their old group to celebrate . they want to meet on saturday . some of their friends might be available , others can't come .
rascal plans to attend a med school .
jarrett is watching amy despite seeing it with lyndon two weeks ago . padget loved the film and the girl , while ronni feels sad she is gone . jarrett talks about the 27 club but lyndon considers it to be bollocks and teases him about it .
will will get iona some water .
mick is joining damon and tim in the devil's face pub .
alba should arrive at 6 as she picked the slow train . she didn't want to spend another night in lopburi and the tickets for the fast one were sold out .
joanne has something to tell bradley , but he's busy at work now . he will let her know later .
linda and david are meeting at 7 this evening .
tina , lucy and marge will meet at 6 pm instead of 5 pm on friday as there's a possibility for tina to go to the hairdresser at 4 pm . tina has been waiting a long time for the appointment . the hairdresser has good reviews .
mia needs the book of life by gregory samak for literary meeting tomorrow .
molly will consider oliver for her next freelance job .
martha got an orchid for her birthday . jill will e mail her some links .
john's son will be born soon , so jacob , alfie , charlie and leo want to chip in for a gift . jacob proposes a rocker and alfie proposes a huge teddy bear . alfie will ask if john already has a rocker .
viloet is nervous about seeing david and his girlfriend . molly will give her the pie recipe .
filip will be there in 5 . aleksander is walking due to some accident . iga explained filip and aleksander are on their way .
tim has never tried parachuting .
adam isn't able to come to lilly's reception . lilly sends a video to show the others how the ceremony will look like . there'll be no alcohol at her reception .
amy doesn't want to get to know mike .
igmar is applying for a customer service job tomorrow at 10 am and needs ingmar to check her cv , especially the education section .
luka doesn't understand his mother's instructions how to prepare his meal . emily advises him to preheat the oven to 180 degrees and warm the dish for 30 min .
sam likes the picture of the dress laura is trying on . she thinks she needs to wear a different bra under it .
otto might be going to hawaii for the next vacation . leon will stay home .
dexter is waiting for ollie in front of the school . ollie will reach him in 10 minutes .
louis and elena had to stay in paris . elias , jenny , kamil , tom , iseabail , ignatio , lia and anca will have dinner at don féfé on friday at 7 . 30 .
courtney and lauren will maybe meet for a beer tomorrow as lauren has to stay at home because john has some plans . her kids should be in beds by 8 pm .
ethan suggests oscar not pursue a long distance relationship with a female who lives in manchester .
diana shares the queen song with sophie and aurora .
mahmoud and aisha are expecting a baby . they will go out for dinner with barry and sheila to celebrate . barry has taken 2 college students to help out around his shop but will have to look for someone permanent in a couple of years .
dan is making salmon for dinner with lee tonight and for lee's lunch for work tomorrow . lee prefers the least calorie option .
victor makes a few offensive and aggressive remarks about his boss , max , and by mistake sends them to his boss . a due apology follows max's temperate response .
pascal wants to buy a new smartphone for his dad , because his old sony sucks . jason suggests a 280 off deal for an lg v30 . margaret thinks the quality isn't very good and she's going to suggest some better alternatives later .
sally is the only woman in the company .
paul was calling nick . he got the job . nick will be at paul's place at about 8 .
zora , randall , boris and sheila are going to winnipeg for the jets versus avalanche game .
elroy , carleton , bramwell , prentice , lou and sly are going to meet at sly's place for new year's eve . sly suggests byob and byo food . there's not going to be more than 15 people there .
rosy will send the job offer of julie's company to mike .
sophia asks destiny and nora for advice about some summer in winter vacation . peter doesn't want to go for more than 10 days , so destiny suggests a compromise , so sophia can stay there a few days more on her own and peter comes back earlier .
katrina is cheating on her boyfriend alex . brooke and karina saw her in the shoppers with a man .
pat would like to run a test on the brain , but she does not know how exactly it should be done . mandy cannot help her but she supports pat . she suggests they can grab a beer some day .
klara wishes moses a happy birthday .
amelia informs there are black friday discounts on some products .
kadence and jolie would like to go on holiday tomorrow .
rose invites juan , vincent and anne to their wedding on may , 22nd .
emily will try to visit ethan this month . they haven't seen each other for 5 months .
katya is upstairs . jenny and matilda are coming with a cake .
ivy asks derek for advice on photography . derek suggests that she should pay more attention to lighting and framing .
matt reminds denise to call her mother .
amy will bring her old clothes to gina on sunday . amy sent gina photos of her new clothes .
ophelia and oliver love a new song which was uploaded yesterday . max hasn't heard it yet .
art is looking for hailey . according to hartley , she mentioned that would visit parents today .
stacy edited doug's press release and needs his approval . dough needs to touch up the photo so they can get it out today .
lucy is looking for her dad , she is worried . patty suggests he probably has been drinking last night , and had his friends over .
lannie's father is on his way to meet her new boyfriend , newel .
seth's computer doesn't beep . he follows albert and rory's advice and checks the motherboard . he discovers that some lights blink and then stop at dram . seth will try reseating the memory sticks and different combinations of slots , and then let albert and rory know .
finn reminds jake he drank all of his vodka .
mary jones wants to open an account at deutsche bank .
lila has just came back from holidays in italy . it's been raining all july where gill is . gill is going to italy next week . lila and gill will meet before gill's departure to share tips .
ian made a reservation at fergie's for 2 pm . courtney , tom , doris and frank will join him . they will gather together at 12 00 to take a walk before lunch . ian suggests to leave cars next to the castle , because the other parking is tiny .
emma is insomniac because of work stress .
evan is trying out netflix ultra at 70 pln a month . jonny and his girlfriend will chip in .
liv is going to buy it . she feels comfortable and warm in it even though it's short .
samantha travels to the uk and will stay in some hostel near kensington gardens . veronika flies from prague and will meet her on thursday . they didn't see each other for 4 years .
david is going to the beach in the afternoon . howard will join him .
nathan bough a new comic book . charlotte bets 5 bucks he will not read it within a year .
it would be the best option for doylan to go home on friday and party on saturday .
harlee sent stu money for robocar poly . stu will send the item to harlee .
charles and rob are annoyed by people who act as if they were experts on everything when they discuss politics etc . online .
jeff and kim returned the car to the office . the guy who's working there didn't find any scratches on it .
barry can't be at an agreed place on time because of a huge traffic . if he gets out of a tram , monica will pick him up on her way .
camilla , sophie , elizabeth and marge agree by voting that their next book will be a mercy by toni morrison .
yvon confirmed that marya's mobile number is 01753 98265371 .
patrick's grades have been good lately . patrick helps meryl with her homework every day . patrick wants to impress a girl . jimmy will lend patrick his car on the condition that he doesn't speed and is back home before 10 .
lam is about to take a flight . he will see larry tomorrow .
colin is on holidays with mom and is checking on tom how he's doing at school .
peter has been attacked in a park and has a broken arm and a concussion . julia is already at the hospital . kate will be there in 10 minutes .
monica is free this weekend . mike is busy . mike's birthday was last weekend . monica didn't send him greetings on that day .
pauline and stanley are taking their cats to the vet tomorrow at 6 . pauline will leave work earlier so they can eat dinner before the appointment .
kristina visited newcastle and partied with simon and steve last night .
max was at a work related event this evening . they didn't win anything , but they got nominated twice . his flight is tomorrow at 11 . he will stay in london until saturday . on saturday he is coming home and taking julia to dinner .
caro received apologies from her prince charming and bet is happy for her .
julie wants dennis to clean the chandelier in the living room .
ella reassures jane that danny will attend scott's party on saturday at 4 pm .
isla has a problem with work . oscar is free at 7pm and will come to isla and help her . isla will cook pasta .
loretta got a missed call from amy on messenger , but amy didn't call her .
gloria might be able to come to oslo for a few days in march . she dislikes flying .
liam will get drunk with his cousin and send connor some videos of the jam session in voodoo .
the piercer didn't know what to do with cassidy's ring .
joe and henry are excited about the game they are going to .
amber has seen george . amber thinks george is cute . amber has him on facebook .
julie is going to new york to visit her friend . sophie will probably go to cuba in summer .
donatella hasn't responded to ronaldinho's text for 15 minutes .
abigail bought a new couch and she will give the old one to anna .
nicole thought the guy was going to hit the girl . both nicole and katy think she would have deserved it . katy ignores her and just thinks of the money .
christine scolds angelina for having sent the graduation pictures to that bitch .
in amelia's view a partner must have some skill in singing or be able to accept others singing or , as tash chimes in , to take care of children when others sing .
kathy looks different today . joseph suspects she ineptly changed the shape of her eyebrows .
diane and sam will meet up at 3 . sam will get a small gift for timmy .
harry has stones sent to jack . they will arrive next week . harry has sent him photos of the rubies and their details .
emma's son , charlie , has lice again . emma , holly , and jack are going to take care of him over the week . emma needs to wash all charlie's belongings , couches and car seats . emma has everything she needs , except a steamer . holly and her husband will help emma tonight . they will also bring meatloaf .
mel left her jacket on the chair and john'll bring it to her tomorrow .
jade is glad she has the oil , it has already helped her .
tootsie's show on saturday night went well . brad and ken had a problem with their plumbing and could not attend .
hugo and nathan's history lecture has been called off , so they'll go for chinese during their free hour .
marion , terry and vivien want to go to the cinema tonight . vivien will check the repertoire .
cecelia loves reading fiction because she believes it helps her empathize .
dorothy cannot go to the conference in prague , because she does not have anyone to look after her children for so long .
gemma and carolyn don't like what she said . they think nobody will like her .
omar got admitted into grad school . rachel doesn't know who omar is .
vic won't come to the office tomorrow as he needs to go to the police station .
it's ben's birthday . his uncle forgot a little , but he will come to ben's place and will have a little something for ben .
jack is in a meeting with the boss . he'll be available to talk in about an hour and then he'll call rachel .
patrick broke the screen in his iphone 7 and can barely see anything . greg is afraid that daniel can't fix it as he deals rather with technical problems .
jake has a lot of work today . he would prefer to go for a walk .
jacob's girlfriend wants him to become vegan . sam can't imagine his life without meat .
kate wants to leave israel because she feels bad with the atmosphere here .
alicja has loved curling . her brother loved it , too , but filip didn't . they played on the national stadium . the ice for curlin isn't slippery , but you gest special slippers . weronika , alicja and kinga will go curling together .
megan saw danny dyer at the christmas fair in yate yesterday . she managed to take a sneaky selfie with him .
joanna is forced to go to tokyo with ann and she is very displeased with this fact because she always makes her look foolish .
paul was surrounded , len saw that a man with the red shirt had a knife in his hand . len is tried of rescuing paul all the time . len is at the back of the garages by eastern avenue . paul will be there in 5 min to pick him up .
paul is going to the apartment 12 on the 3rd floor .
evelyn is very angry that jenny always leaves a mess .
adam's hp laptop broke 3 times last year so he doesn't recommend it . kevin prefers asus laptops .
josh and sara can go to see the flat that sara has found on saturday at 3 pm to see it in the daylight .
pat really enjoyed hiking . pat'd like to go hiking next week again but she's having a family gathering . cecilia's willing to join pat for the next hike .
steve has a family emergency and won't make it today .
kiana took second place in the competition .
jane finishes at 15 00 .
nina is spending christmas at her parents' home near wrocław . karen is going to a restaurant with friends , whereas nina will be at home with luke and ben for the new year . karen is coming to wrocław for a workshop next weekend and she will meet nina on saturday evening for a coffee .
chris will twit filter john if he keeps endorsing conspiracy theories .
alex and agnes invited melanie to their wedding . melanie wants to go .
johnny's already waiting for the lecture in the room . edmund won't come because he's sick .
greg had to trash loads of clothes due to their poor quality , mary did that too . they agree it's bad for environment and expensive .
caleb proposed to jennifer just after two months of relationship .
cory is working on the transcription of the interviews .
john left mel's jacket on the chair , he'll bring it tomorrow .
mason sent jacob the name of a book author .
suzie doesn't let her cats out .
mark wishes tanya forgot to write to her on her birthday , he wishes her happy birthday now and sends a photo . he will visit her .
tony will come home for christmas on the 22nd after his exam .
kristy will run a spell check on the presentation . tim will add resources . caroline and kristy will also add theirs .
ismena is annoyed by matha's complaining . veronica's strategy is to be extra positive towards people who complain so that they leave her alone .
stacy and melissa want to visit tim in berlin . tim is away on the next weekend but will be home on the weekend after .
mindy needs help from mom regarding the dress . mom suggests either the red one of the black one .
harold finds the smell of linda's poop unpleasant .
mr dolloway created a whatsapp group to communicate about the forthcoming trip to tenerife .
lucas and mason are critical of blizzard entertainment . they find the new diablo game for phones ridiculous .
sophie moved the router to the storage room as she had no more space in hers . the internet isn't working again , so ruby and sophie consider changing the provider . the current provider was recommended to them by stacey , who is now busy with travelling for her work .
ted wants to apply for a job but he needs to correct his resume first . roberta offered to help him .
chris is working with the aiesec . diana is interested in aiesec's projects in asia and northern america . she sent chris an offer in which they are looking for an english teacher in high school in japan . chris will contact the organisers on behalf of diana and will let her know what their answer is .
petra is at the liquor store . last christmas petra's mother served amarula .
elisabeth and meg are impressed with anna's cooking and are keen to try it out .
jeffrey will lend his son the money to repair the car . shaun will pay him back from his next paycheck .
kelly has a peppa pig cake she ordered for her daughter . joanna , ben , karen and daniel agree it looks amazing .
gina has made pancakes with maple syrup herself . kimberly thinks the dish looks good .
before christmas , jackie's family gather and discuss what christmas presents they want to get . they make a list , put it on the table , and people cross out the items they already bought for someone . kim will try to convince her parents to do the same system . adam will come over to listen at 6 .
barb would like sarah to buy some pumpkin or chicken noodle soup with croutons or crusty rolls .
arturo send talia a photo of the maputo bay . talia's going to faro in september , arturo will be then in lisbon .
it's kuba's birthday on 11th . ola , maja and anna are preparing some surprise for him at anna's . they are buying alcohol for him .
esme has to retype the document , because it's too light to scan . the client has been notified about that . jamie wants to meet with esme tomorrow and discuss her raise . he also wants her to work on the jones construction contract today .
milo is watching a film and drinking coffee . he stopped drinking alcohol at the weekends after visiting congo . noelle plans to improve her english by learning more vocabulary and idioms .
darline has a flight to sao paulo on thursday and she's on standby today . julia's also on standby . darline has a new boyfriend , josé . julia knows that josé has at least 6 girlfriends .
grant was away when paul , trevor and alan got involved in a serious argument . leo and ted knew this kind of thing would happen as there were too many tensions within the group . grant is afraid the group may break up as a result .
joseph is in new york city for thanksgiving to see his family . jessica wants joseph to bring a t shirt i love ny . joseph will buy at t sim card on dominic's request .
tomorrow at 7 pm maciek will come to monika's apartment in rejmonta street to see the leaking washing machine .
angelo doesn't like henry's design .
christian , jean , olivia and doris are discussing their trip to croatia . they decided to spend three days zagreb , one day the national park , then five days somewhere at the seacoast .
julia can't come today because she has a toothache and has to go to the dentist . she is the vocalist , so others have a problem without her . if she doesn't come , irene will try to sing instead .
mike will walk the dog because grace and anna are busy today .
mihiko needs a password for the first login . carol will set a temporary password for mihiko since the request for password cannot be filed .
hilary is going to be wonderwoman for halloween . giovanna hasn't picked her costume yet , all the costumes she wanted were sold out .
ralph has a problem with the printer . ted will come over to him in 5 minutes to help .
howard and nancy are visiting lucas on saturday , but john can't join because of work .
kent would like to speak to a native german for his research . putnam tips him off about a girl in their class .
alex may go to the concert of the band where kai's friend is playing
beth reminds audrey to go vote this tuesday .
karen wants john to go camping with her as nobody else wants to do it . john is not willing to go with her .
helga has no special plans for the weekend . helmut is going to magdeburg . helga is from flessenow . neither helmut nor helga go to their hometowns more than twice a year . katia went to flessenow as a kid .
mr dolloway made a whatsapp group to talk about things relating to the trip to tenerife .
tom had chicken for dinner today and he recommends remind and note app for cooking .
howard's neighbour complains about the noise for no reason .
greg cancels his reservation for tonight .
eric can't watch the game with josh , because he has to finish a project by tomorrow .
bryan and jessie are coming to anthony's party . anthony is sad that lilian won't make it .
linda will listen to eminem's new album .
billy checked the deep freeze on ava's request , and found pizza in it . ava told him to have it . ava and george's flight is delayed for 40 minutes and it makes them angry . therefore , ava and george are going to have a drink .
warsaw is not such a great place but people here are not ugly . skye has come to warsaw for the weekend and comes back on monday . skye has monday off and jack does not .
daisy needs her mother's approval to buy a cat .
david needs lisa's help with his paper for professor montgomery . lisa is finishing hers so is willing to help .
kim and julie will talk soon .
kate got a 5 years contract at the university of the south pacific in fiji .
veronica sent erica the file by wetransfer , but erica notices some artefacts at the beginning , so veronica will reexport it in 30 minutes .
megan can't swim . phil will teach her at 7 on thursday .
joseph , alonzo and gabriel are playing a guessing game of job titles . gabriel scored a point .
bethany will come over to jannet at 7 pm .
michelle thinks about getting a new shirt . joseph will buy her two shirts as a gift because he cannot decide on the colour .
after christmas kate is on her way back to town . she will meet joe at 9 . 15 .
mary will let ann know in 15 minutes if everything is in stock .
stella and jonah will have ciacio e peppe for dinner tonight .
ray is watching another episode instead of working . bruce is watching a russian series about a guy , who is after criminals .
hans has that photo .
julie found 4 theatre tickets on the pavement today . the show is nora by ibsen . she will go to see it with marie .
lawrence is disappointed with manchester united's performance this season . both he and julius believe the team needs changes to improve .
roland will join yoga classes as suggested by walter .
sammy completed it late , which is ok .
robert and zack will meet around christmas , as they do every year .
fiona and raul are ready to take off .
cathy is having her hair cut today , she wants a change and taking care of her long hair is difficult . martha wants a change too and she's considering going blonde .
brian and monica are leaving in a moment . paul has already left .
owen and lara are going to the cinema to watch the new james bond movie .
terry gets off work around 5 . jerry will pick terry up for a surprise .
madison prepared a meal which looks delicious and proudly shares a picture of this with ralph .
teddy bought a mountain bike . robyn is not interested .
amy invited zilda and her partner to her wedding next year . zilda's partner died last year .
chris will walk around naked for the whole day on jane's request .
sarah was offered a job in cork , ireland . she has never been there . she lives in london . she will think about it .
alison reschedules her meeting with emma for tomorrow at 5 pm .
vincent and eric enjoy playing the warframe game . they plan to play it together someday .
it is dark today and it is raining . a cocoa day is a day when you feel like covering yourself with a blanket and drinking cocoa .
jazmin has been visited by her cousin from poland . they went to vatican .
wendy will make rob coffee . rob didn't want to shout as the cat is sleeping on his desk .
lara is proud of her daughter , jenny , who is moving to manchester .
eddie has learned to log in to his pc without issues . he has not learned how to use a printer , though .
the movie has almost started but paula is going to be late , as usual .
terry won't come tomorrow as she is ill . terry has good neighbors .
donna is watching gilmore girls once again and she's hungry . donna is going to watch only orange is the new black from now .
king street is closed . something fell on the road . penny will let the trucks know to go around .
julie tends to forget things when she's packing before a trip . julie will send the list to naomi tomorrow . she will check if it has essentials .
everett and emily want to get in touch with tristan , who's been lately very busy in his new job . emily will contact him because everett doesn't have his number .
randall wants to meet peyton for drinks on friday at a cafe he discovered yesterday . it is located by the park , next to the chinese store in a small chopping centre . it has nice chairs .
evan's car has broken down again and he needs to save money for a new one . he cannot use public buses to go to work because of their schedule .
andy found two locations for tomorrow's session . agnes will come to andy's at 9 . 00 . she should bring comfortable clothes in bright colours .
the watch ellie wanted is on sale but ellie won't buy it because it's not silver .
sean is going shopping and will buy a couple of things for richard's barbecue . sean will not be then drinking as he will be the designated driver . next month however , at marty's party , sean will drink and won't be the driver .
sebastian will drop by after 4 to bring stanley's possessions that he borrowed for his holiday trip .
it's dasy's last hours at home . dasy have checked everything . molka thinks the last year's proxy to collect dasy's mail won't be valid anymore . dasy will leave a new proxy for molka .
kelly got mad at chad because he didn't pick up the phone when she called him 12 times and then forgot to call her back .
claire wants to eat spaghetti . josh will buy some meat after work . it will be about 6 because they are staying a bit longer at work . 1 pack of meat is enough because thay are going to tom tomorrow .
neither kyle nor sarah have seen that before . they don't wish to see it again .
ben saw last episode of the simpsons .
susanne , lilly and rachel are going to a concert together .
ingmar's coming to london and asks for recommendations . kevin recommends him dino's pizza , xiao mimi creperie .
at the party , drunk girls jumped into the pool . luke passed out early and slept through most of the event . ken got very drunk .
vicky believes linda is not a good cook .
norma works full time , earns good money and prepares for her accountancy exams at home . helena is still busy doing the milk round and suggests to make plans for christmas .
jeff , peter and tom can all meet on fuerteventura . tom is flying there on january , 28th , and jeff and peter will be there january 20 31st .
it's zoe's birthday . sam gives her wishes . zoe didn't expect sam to remember her birthday .
carmen is looking for her victor hugo book . he described many buildings thoroughly . she needs it for her architecture class . agata had borrowed it , but she had returned it . carmen will text mike .
ella wants cecil's recommendation on where to buy dog's food .
melly reminds noah to not forget his passport and wishes him a great trip .
james and patricia are sitting at the gate at the charles de gaulle airport in paris . patricia's friend had many problems with the border control .
there's a film with emma watson in theaters now . lisa has a chemistry test tomorrow and has to study . hannah and lisa will see the film on the weekend and go to starbucks afterwards .
susan and martin are meeting on thursday at one for lunch at a vegan restaurant edamame as susan's gluten intolerant , allergic to spicy food and a vegetarian . susan'll bring a book the source for martin .
greg's funeral will be held tomorrow . many people will be attending .
don will order mexican for lunch .
kim and tony are supposed to meet on sunday .
keith and natalie will meet in the old town tomorrow . keith needs to be at his school for a moment .
mia is ironing before she packs for the flight . adam doesn't want her to be late .
vanessa , daisy and amelia are supposed to wear casual clothes today .
lee overcooked the salmon , because he did not follow the david's recipe precisely .
michael's parking spot is busy third time this week . he left a note and let know the security . he called them , but they cannot move the car .
josh needs wednesday afternoon off as it is his nana's birthday . lindsey has plans . tori needs friday evening off so is fine with wednesday instead .
bridget is closing christmas party list on thursday . hannah will bring some cookies , and eva will bring a cake . alex won't come , because he has an exam on monday . julia , thomas and eva need to submit their reports until 9 pm today .
it's going to rain . sally didn't take an umbrella with her . amanda will give sally a ride home . sally will be home around 4 pm .
jonas and rose will go out tonight .
jade is buying tickets for pirates of penzance . millie wants jade to buy her 3 tickets as well . they cost gbp 4 . 50 each .
kate is tired of studying , she has a test in 5 days . agnes suggests going out but kate declines , she prefers taking a bath .
marie will call sandra to invite her over for coffee . bob and aaron want sandra to convince marie to let vicki go to a school trip for a week .
francie advised maya to pick the turquoise dress for a date .
ray is a purebred scot .
judy doesn't reply to any of giovanni's texts . he likes her . erick comforts giovanni .
the next meeting of the fan club is on friday . willow will proofread barry's sign up sheets before he makes the copies . the sheets for each of the two volunteer groups will be different colour . barry will have the role assignments for his meeting with willow at around 2 .
neither piotr nor jill know spanish . polish diacritics change the pronunciation of letters .
monica's sending wagner and fred her pictures from 2002 . she was blonde with long pink nails and she loved miniskirts then .
matt is driving over for dinner with nicole but he will be late .
new york times wrote a controversial article about guyana . the country was called a vast watery wilderness with only three paved highways . people are posting their reactions on twitter .
amanda doesn't want to believe the man she likes is going out with ms johnson .
julia and angus want to make a reunion for the group form sheffield .
mona has been watching luther tv series and recommends it to gary . they discuss other tv series which mona likes , but gary doesn't .
arnie wants to buy something for his wolf . omer bought a sex toy for his girlfriend .
annabell got sunburned . valentin suggests she should put some cream .
tim's mum has a new boyfriend . tom and tammy already knew .
bryan and richard will participate in the meeting . ceo will be present there . richard will present the financial reports during the meeting .
chris didn't contact joe for 2 months after he came back . they will try to meet up and party in december .
polly's flight is 18 minutes late . she is boarding .
anne likes some actor even though she didn't enjoy his movies . jamie never heard of him but will watch him in the tv series atlanta with danny glover .
jack and jake are meeting tonight . they'll have a few beers they'll assemble jake's wardrobe .
janet needs to see the doctor and decides to ask mrs peabody to keep an eye on the kids as jack won't be back for another hour . janet leaves dinner for jack in the oven .
dean and matt like sophie . tomorrow matt is helping dad with his car .
toni , gianmarco and fabio are going to meet on tuesday , 12th , as their friday's training is cancelled .
manda underwent surgery . she will meet kayleigh tomorrow at 7 .
greg is humming a song but can't remember singer's name .
carlos needs to talk to tim on the phone .
borys asks her sister adria if there's any dinner at home . their mum left some soup in the fridge and some meat in the oven .
amy has to deal with him on daily basis at work and she doesn't like it . she cannot fire him because of the company policy .
frank wants to authenticate canadian documents during a stay in finland . paul explains how to do it in detail .
ann is at home in bed .
melissa has just landed in rome . melissa is sick and she has a jet lag . ann and melissa are meeting tomorrow . joan is happy that melissa is back .
david wants to quit his job because of the sudden changes in the working system . david has pointed out the flaws of the system but nobody's cared . david wants to find another job in the near future .
isabel will check cambridge and oxford dictionaries per jada's recommendation .
jude told kim he had a sexual encounter . kim was ok with that . they fell out . kevin , alex and sam are dating online . kevin is soft and shy . he's not looking for a serious relationship right now . jude and kevin are just friends .
lisa's at her friend's house . she's not sure yet if she's coming back home for the night or not . dad offered to pick her up if she needs that .
hannah doesn't want ariel's help with drilling .
lia will call alice , because she forgot alice's address . kelly could not help , as she remembers only the bus stop next to alice's house .
peter and kate are going to the cinema to see spiderman . they will meet at 6 .
mia got back together with jacob . isla is happy for her .
sharon is waiting downstairs for ben , who is in a meeting .
luca is travelling to italy in february , so he wants to revise some travelling related phrases during next italian lessons with mia . he has been in italy , specifically in vatican , before . this time he wants to see the statue of david in florence and rome . mia failed her driving test .
complaints have been made about john and he will be made redundant . john should hand in his notice . rick will give him good reference . they will meet on wednesday .
terry and johnny are landing at 5 in brisbane . lisa will pick them up . lisa has a lot of work recently because there was an invasion of jellyfish on queensland's gold and sunshine coasts .
peter can't talk now . karen will call him in 30 minutes .
hermoine will be alba's life partner .
luke and jo inform barb that vietnamese spring rolls shouldn't be heated .
olivia is looking for an internship . she would like to work in a big company . martha's friend did an internship in l oréal .
gus saw ann in tesco today but was too shy to go over and say hello . she finds it silly .
zack and theo are taking the exam next week .
the weather in warsaw is really nice . leo and rosanna can't wait for spring . it's rosanna's favourite season .
veronica likes the jazz songs phillip sent her .
eva has to cancel thursday's lesson this week , because she lost her voice . kaz will let eva know when the lesson can take place next week .
may put off the vote on brexit . ryan explains some reasons why . the pound went down after the information .
franco is from italy . there's a football game between juventus and liverpool today .
jim got the transfer from don .
john , pete and paul's classes have been cancelled .
david from poland helps out pastor samuel with a purchase of 100 bibles for poor families in india .
teresa , mary and jeff are going to meet at morne trois pitons national park tonight .
cora and nelly are planning a surprise for tom's 80th birthday . nelly will meet cora at 4 4 30 at their uncle's .
jake will get white wine for his dinner with natalie .
bill will pick up sean on hilary's request .
charlie and veronica think lisabeth looks great . brad invited her for dinner for their second anniversary .
tara's salary for this month has enterd in her bank account while nina's still hasn't . nina's going to ask her bank about the transfer on monday morning .
on lisa's request , lucy will buy sushi for dinner .
there was a ferry accident from which only few people are rescued . it happened because the ferry was overcrowded .
ally is on her way to the hotel . she met a woman during a dinner . george was watching netflix .
samuel is worried about bad mental condition among students . he advised the student that came to him to go to a therapy instead of psychiatrist .
esther forgot her keys . frank is not at home yet , he got stuck at work . esther will wait at lindsey's place .
wendy took rachel's watch without her permission .
alan will buy eggs at mia's request .
amanda and lizzy enjoyed anne with an e . lizzy likes it better than anne of green gables from the 80s . lizzy thinks netflix will release the third series in 2019 .
jacub's divorce case is very bad as his wife wants all his money , using social media to gain sympathy . rob suggests that jacub should talk to a lawyer , and rob can be a witness .
marie is in johannesburg with her daughter and son in law which she enjoys a lot . it's cold in johannesburg . marie's daughter has problems getting pregnant and she and her husband cannot afford every kind of fertility treatment .
taylor left his power bank at owen's place yesterday . he needs it now , but owen's brother was using it and he's not at home now . owen will bring his power bank to taylor's house in half an hour .
olivia is at the subway . anthony has just ordered pizza , so he doesn't want olivia to get him anything .
angela has posted on the group chat by accident . frank wants the details . reggie suggests it's none of his business .
alex picked up the cake 10 minutes ago .
john is currently in poznan , but he lives in warsaw , poland . jeanette is from kokologo , burkina faso . john and jeanette experienced droughts this year and their farmers made less food . jeanette's dad fell off a dam when there was no water .
caroline will be late from school . caroline has to do a 2 hour chemistry experiment at school .
sidney wants to go with jordan's sister to a shopping mall . she is listening to songs now . jordan will ask her to go with sidney .
loyd will follow rachel and molly s advice , and he ll invite a girl back to his house for a date .
mike and ian will have a cigarette after math .
carrie invited freddie and some other friends to play munchkin . he works late , but they will wait for him . freddie has a new expansion for the game .
silvana met elisabeth's daughters . they call her silvanya .
mercy wants dineo to buy three embossed papers .
joe's first day at work is going well , heather has some tips for him .
armani's gay friends from brasil think about emigration because of the president bolsonaro's policy .
sabrina wants to buy a new case for her iphone . ellie has recently bought one with glitter but sabrina likes the one with animals more . she also needs to have a more serious case to use at work , but rachel doesn't believe sabrina can look serious at any time .
they are watching a game of soccer . the team is bad and the game , disappointing . david believes other sports than soccer should be promoted in the country .
tim is reconsidering his plans for tonight because of snow .
todd needs to send a big file but google drive is too slow . steven suggests wetransfer and it works better .
milena , tamara , adam and john will buy the present at the strand .
john is in the apartment 32 on the third floor . chris is going to see him .
graham is getting a new computer . jasper will get his old one . graham will come and drop it off later today .
angella has a birthday . angella and taby used to write letters to each other and now they message twice a year . taby is planning vacation in her hometown this summer . taby will stay at her granny's but may stay over at angella's for one day .
jude will be at sue's place at 7 to pick up the sofa . sue sends him an address .
jose passed his driving test .
helena helped camilla to find marie's facebook post .
paula's computer froze while she was working on a very important document . she doesn't like the it guy , so richard will come and help her .
poppy , emily and mia don't feel like working today byt they will .
ronnie is a father to be . he's already had 4 beers today and will have another 3 . leon also will have 3 beers .
pat thought that wolf promised to buy lennie winter tyres but in fact he didn't . they were repaired from the family budget which pat keeps forgetting to contribute to . christmas and birthday presents for the children are not paid from the family budget , so pat needs to buy them alone .
sebastian and tyler think brooke is good in bed .
another customer is looking at randal in a funny way .
toby finished renovating his house and everyone is excited about it .
jeff hasn't read barthes . tommy says the french versions are difficult as well .
if yaritza feels better , kaelynn will call her .
isabel and alice decide not to meet this saturday , since neither kate nor beth or lily will be coming . they cannot make it next weekend , as it is jimmy's birthday . alice has classes till 8 30 on that evening and will not come to his place . isabel will tell the girls they meet on january 16th .
mary and jose will try and find affordable holiday options . condor has good offers but it is still difficult to find something below 700 euros .
paula would be running this year , if she needed to , but she'll be happy to step aside , since lucia and mark were chosen as the new candidates .
eliot hasn't been to south africa nor has he read about it . nadia will look it up on google .
rick picked a spy theme for his dramatic entrance .
daniel can't open the uber app . installing it again solved the problem .
timothy used the wrong fuel for the car , he forgot it's a diesel . he will have this fuel pumped out and the car checked at the station . carol needs to get macy to classes and then she will join timothy .
blanca is coming back from holidays in two weeks . she bought gifts for johny and pamela .
last night's football match was great and a rematch takes place today . dan is meeting with henry and david at a pub , tom will join them with lauren .
amanda just moved and might invite the gang over , including nate .
kerry and olivia will meet at the hill near the playground because they're taking their kids sledding .
daniel borrowed lukas's bike without permission .
oscar sent regina the article about down syndrome .
mandy sends adam a picture of a little pretty girl .
derek and mike will watch the wedding planner tomorrow at 10 . 30 a . m . they will meet at 10 . 00 at derek's place .
jen and jo should put topics in the agenda for monica's wedding .
brenda is cold . brenda wants to have tea . horace thought it was the weekend , but it's wednesday . horace is having a drink .
sean feels very good in berlin . he likes it more than london . anne will check the flights to berlin .
nina , kate and paul will talk about the landlord trouble today at 2 pm .
luke revises magdalene's paper as a favour to her .
kate couldn't sleep . jose slept until 10 . jordan has a horrible jet lag . jose advises not to sleep during the day .
jo sells a teenth for 20 at the moment . he will meet joe at the café at 7 30 .
fiona , jack and aaron want to go to luke bryan's concert .
mark , jess , dee and alex are meeting up at craft beers on marszalkowska today . kate will be late . anne can't come due to tutoring .
paul found a proper toner for alena .
david is cooking curry but he's run out of coconut milk . he can't leave his sleeping son , oliver . chloe , marcus and bill can't do much to help him .
alex , oscar and monica are having a development meeting at 5 .
ana will have done the exercises and the listenings by tomorrow . ana will also bring the cd player and meet with keegan .
professor mary auckland has sent a file to christopher lucas with an example of a well structured ma thesis , as he has asked for it . they also wished each other merry christmas and a happy new year .
kay is looking for her earring . she can make a photo of the other one to give a hint for the search .
the conversation is incomprehensible .
joseph will be renting a flat from mr . fox . mr . fox used to teach him geography . the flat is close to the college and train station . mother wants joseph to visit her often . joseph will send her photos of the flat .
amelie won't come to robin's birthday party because her parents asked her to watch her younger brother . they are scared after what happened by the nowak's . robin and amelie will meet on next friday .
john and maria are in front of the buliding smoking . they will get back in 5 minutes .
nicolas reminds alex to look at the report . alex asks for a deadline extension . nicolas agrees .
lisa needs a simple dinner idea to prepare instructions for her husband , because she has to stay longer at work today . he doesn't like seafood , meat and tacos .
lori is at the unexpected meeting with her boss . harry complains she's not available and suspects she might have an affair with him .
there was a problem at bill's school concerning cut tires on students' and teachers' cars standing in the parking lot . a student who failed finals , took revenge cutting tires on 11 cars , including all four on math teacher's car . they already caught him .
luke's dog is sick . the vet has given it some pills . luke melts them into the water to make the dog eat them .
timothy's seen julia and josh together . josh is homosexual but victor's also seen him with tailor the other day .
scott found an offer for ps plus subscription 20 off . it's valid for 1 week . thomas and jed will buy it .
martha checks if agatha has any of her books . agatha has martha's 'fifty shades' and 'mackbeth' .
rose sends amelie an article from the guardian that compares europe nowadays to europe in 536 . rose and amelie find differences and similarities between the two ages . rose suggests humanity keeps repeating the same stories .
abbi and dean watch dr who . they have a work due on wednesday . last weekend abbi went to her swimming practice and her uncle's party . dean was working .
it's the local election day . according to vince , andy and simon , the winner should do something about the transport system and build schools .
kris , impressed by robbie's last board game night , will join it friday night .
peter is online and working at 3 am because of a deadline .
juliette is meeting jenny , patty and mark tomorrow at 1pm at mamaleh's .
anna has ordered printer cartridges for 150 pln on dan's request .
as regards tickets for venom , evelyn informs ash that she should buy four such tickets , i . e . for evelyn , ash , ginny and for harry .
allison will be late to a meeting with jake .
andy is waiting for lucas at the airport . lucas wants him to order a coffee .
patricia and john went to the mountains but it wasn't that snowing there at that time . now the situation might be dangerous . the current avalanche risk is high .
paul sends kim the list of exams monday 10am society , tuesday 11 am government , wednesday 10 history or 3 audio . they will study together tomorrow at 4 pm at karma .
mindy has a surprise for diana .
bart bough new door for his civic . he's going to ask a mechanic to fix it .
grace will text dan when she lands .
saul has been showing the city to his sister . maria will come over to drink some mojitos with them at 8 pm .
libby wants to borrow notebooks from lindsay . lindsay agrees to borrow the notebooks after classes .
nicole has bought something .
donna is collecting things for winter for the homeless . audrey is going to give donna mike's winter jackets and sweaters . donna will collect things from audrey and tess on saturday between 3 4 pm .
tiffany can't decide if she could come back to poland earlier from italy .
steph booked two seats in laura's car going from warsaw to cracow on friday around 5 pm .
brad's dishwasher is broken . john suggests that he calls a mender .
carla is waiting for an important package . joanna helps carla locate it . carla provided joanna her address information and a code .
sally sent dom a link to online resource of all the freedom of information fbi files . she found it today and is browsing it . dom will start exploring it when he get's home from work .
sebastian is in berlin . kate believes emma , her supervisor , wants to control her .
your_health asked tamara to record a vlog on salsa dancing . she accepted the challenge .
tom decided not to go studying abroad . victor's sister is thinking about it and he wants to help her make the right decision .
patricia has to speak to magdalene and luis . they will meet at the garden pub at 7 p . m .
martin's selling calendars of the company for 2 each . lindsay will buy four . morris will get two .
heidi loves the hair conditioner that she got from karla . heidi is 28 and wants to dye her hair blue .
joe recommends primal fear with rechard gere and edward norton to ethan .
berry is going to iceland for 2 weeks .
ryan and oliver are going to meet at 9pm . they will leave for the airport around 4 30 .
jo needs new clothes for the function but kate have already made the order online . jo will come tomorrow to try on kate's grey suit .
there's a final sale at tommy . also , the first purchase is 20 off . faith loves the crop top , but is short on cash . she hopes to get some from her parents for birthday .
daria hates math . because of that , daria hates her math teacher as well and compares her to a nazi .
tom's facebook account has been hacked and has sent a virus to all his friends . daisy has already opened it .
judy will send the current affairs exam results to the secretary tomorrow morning on purity's request .
jane is updating her tinder profile tonight and together with shona they don't want to find another guy like john , who forgot jane's birthday .
fiona can't talk to carol , because she's very busy . she promised to contact him tomorrow .
michael is smoking weed . bella wants to visit him .
jill is angry about tom leaving for work before she woke up . tom promises that this is only because it is his first month on the job and the next month will be better . he will be back at 5 .
tamira's outfit for the birthday party is way over the top .
marie is going to a wedding on saturday . ed and hannah would love marie to join them if she gets home on sunday before 3pm . marie will call ed on sunday .
isabelle texted mason instead of her maid . mason will ask her to was isabelle's clothes .
irene is happy with the grammarly app she installed thanks to ben's suggestion .
maya couldn't find the tape measure , because dylan had put it in the kitchen in the tool drawer , which is the lowest drawer next to the fridge .
martha's interview is being broadcast on ctv .
fabiola is ordering food from thai delight . she'll order pad thai with tiger prawns and lemonade with basil seeds for madison .
andrew will come to janny to check her gas meter at 2 . 45 today .
rose , frank and minnie are going to meet at 6 pm in front of the cinema . minnie will be 5 minutes late .
violet is very upset so she is not going out tonight .
john will send andrew some tips for his trip to costa rica .
peg and landry are sick . they receive pieces of advice how to get better .
julie is meeting james at his place at 5 pm on monday . james is preparing a soup for julie . julie has food allergies and does not eat meat .
rod's partner carrie has come back to work . their young son stays with rod's parents 3 days a week and with a child minder 2 days . gary moved to london and works as a chef . his hygiene standards were very low , but he had a nice french girl christa . rod and rich will meet on friday .
scott borrowed a car from his dad . dad is angry with scott , because he found panties under the back seat .
liam shops for clothes at first shop at the main market .
zoe is very angry at oliver because he didn't wait for her . instead , he went to buy a drink and met josh .
tom can't make it to the festival so david suggests everyone asks around for someone to replace him .
jacqueline is choosing her courses for next semester . the great sociology professor gartenberg retired last term and the new one , professor edwards , gives boring lectures and is subjective in grading . grant recommends lecture on 19th century literature .
will chards is going to a conference . tessa rick , who works for him , has prepared everything he needed and gone for a holiday to cuba . there will be a stand in , as tessa rick won t be back at work until january 22th . will chards is not happy and wants her to be online all the time , but she can't .
sarah will take part in a photo shoot next week . michelle is organizing it to prepare her portfolio as a personal shopper . michelle booked a photographer and a location in a beautiful private hotel . michelle and sarah will meet on wednesday at around 4 p . m . sarah wears size m and shoes in size 38 .
carl's waking roger and brad up at 7 tomorrow .
leigh recommends mark gungor's podcast sam asked about . sam tells kris to try spotify that added podcasts to its library .
clara has sent samantha a video of an event she was at . the organisation of the event was good , the stage was big .
jennifer and jessica are both going to patty's birthday party . they will meet at 6 at mandy's tomorrow to buy a gift together .
jackie bought a table and last month an armchair . jackie and christian will have a talk when he gets back home .
julian and rowena have seen a couple of crazy videos on facebook . the man who posted one of them has been arrested .
sam wants to come across linda accidentally .
alex is looking for an interpreter willing to do simultaneous translation from polish to english at an event about climate , economy and energy . the event will take place on the 20th of november and the interpreter should expect to work 13 14 hours . ann cannot recommend anyone but will ask around .
tim is angry at stan for causing shitstorm under his political posts . frank finds the post selective and wants to show tim's logical mistakes .
alois is in a restroom .
katy thinks there should be another brexit vote as the people were ill informed the first time .
chris loves the 100 but dorothy has not seen it yet . the 100 is a postapocaliptic tv series made by vampire diaries and gossip girl director . dorothy will watch it .
amelia and jackson are going to watch bridezillas on the tv .
george is coming to ania's wedding from abroad . he doesn't know what to give to the newlyweds and he is quite unaware of polish wedding traditions . tomek explains him the usual turn of events the holy mass , the gifts and the wishes .
val's cat buster defecates in helen's garden every day . helen asks val for help with that . val will keep buster inside more . helen will use cat deterrent granules in her garden as val suggests .
claire cannot meet leon as she needs to stay with her little siblings because their mum had an urgent job call . she'll try to make it up next week .
tammy has reserved three seats for harvey , cathy and sylvester who will be late .
george , matt and jerry are meeting up at the pub near jerry s .
josephine recommends the 'sharp objects' series to georgina . georgina watches a trailer and decides to start watching the series , which has only one season .
mark recommends bordeaux to martha .
cole and hannah are going to meet in the evening .
mia is looking for an eco friendly detergent for sensitive skin . nick recommends detergents by tesco or sainsbury's and liquid soap flakes . kim recommends eco egg .
jesse , melvin , lee and maxine are splitting costs that will be around 350 dollars . maxine and lee will pack up all things that melvin will buy .
bryan has already left warsaw . he was helping caroline with transporting stuff .
thea is making soup mixes for gifts this year . hugo made flavoured vodka .
laurie is visiting for the weekend . paula , chris and laurie will go to the museum of chocholate on sunday . paula will pick up chris with her car .
eric will buy tom a boar figurine for his birthday .
ema and richard met at billy's party . ema was wearing a black dress . ema and richard will meet for a movie and dinner on saturday . richard will pick ema up from her home at 8 . 30 .
angela drove peter today .
hannah and her family offer baker help .
isabelle , giselle and sophie's homework was to translate the first column from the article . the teacher isn't going to collect it . isabelle won't do it and have some wine instead .
romy and marianne have the tbt class at 5 pm on monday and spanish lessons at 6 30 pm on wednesday .
annie's aunt's funeral is next tuesday . quinn will get a babysitter so she can attend .
hiram took flight from beijing and he's in detroit . hiram's flghts is delayed for almost an hour . eva will pick him up from the airport .
baking the lemon cake for the meeting didn't go as alina planned it .
amanda's not coming to the office today because she feels bad . brendon won't be there too he has business meetings in prague this week .
steve talked about xav with beatrice and wants to meet him . xav is staying in poland for 2 more weeks . he is free to meet steve on thursday or friday .
joanna is going to buy her parents flowers because they are angry at her .
dominic sends laura a link to a folder with retouched photos from their trip to croatia . laura is downloading the folder as her internet connection is unstable due to bad weather . dominic's and laura's parents say they spend too much time at the computer .
grumpy is always angry and doesn't like to talk . snow white has made his favorite pudding . grumpy thinks her pudding is tasty .
noah met mike with a new girlfriend today . noah goes to the cinema with them next friday . lisa also wanted to go with them and noah agreed .
monica wants to watch some series during the weekend . alicia suggested to her the new x files , but she's not sure if it's good or if it even exists . monica will check .
paula is happy with her test results , she should be back to full health in a couple of months . monica is proud of paula .
steve is at a boring lecture . steve accidentally played a video with sound . steve didn't get caught . steve is paying for the lecture .
cory is waiting for bobby but he needs 5 more minutes to finish what he's doing .
cinthia strongly recommends watching the latest episode to billy .
wiktor invites kacper to join them tomorrow , when they go to the swimming pool , sauna and a dumpling restaurant afterwards . kacper feels tempted but decides to clean their apartment , as planned .
evie loves miley's new song .
ty found out from steve clark's back in town . clark only told steve , because he ran into him . ty wants to meet for a beer next week , clark may be free even sooner .
anna loves cats . she has 2 cats named fluffy and butters . mat doesn't like cats . mat has a dog named count . the name comes from count of monte christo .
pete's got a terrible cold . he won't come this afternoon . petra will call to tell him what it was like .
sofia and linda are going shopping tomorrow . they are going to buy some sweatpants .
amy will organize a birthday party for ann in her garden . samuel will check beach house's tour in order to buy ann a concert ticket together with a flight ticket as a birthday present .
it's zoya's birthday .
peter will be coming back very late .
ralph was caught fighting some boys at school and his teacher wants to meet gale and nick . this is the third time this week already . as gale is busy at work , nick will go to the meeting with the teacher .
jeanette wants victoria to go on karaoke with her . victoria doesn't want to go at first , but jeanette manages to convince her .
robert hasn't eaten dinner yet . mason has coupons for pizza hut . mason and robert will meet at pizza hut .
kate does not want the kids to watch too much television . mary is having dinner .
zara is at tesco and she'll buy some chocolate for muhammad .
dinah invited elizabeth for the weekend . as elizabeth has a dentist appointment on friday , she will come with the kids on saturday morning .
margaret will buy a pair of scanty pants . margaret can't afford any new clothes . she will wear one of her older dresses .
jacob and ava are going to have new neighbours . a guy and a woman with 2 kids are moving in the flat with the green door across the corridor .
the plant jasmine gave jude died .
daisy studied at night . she postpones her meeting with heather by 1 hour .
danial is loyal to the following brands engine , red tree , lewis , gucci . abigail is going shopping with family . danial wants her to buy a small wallet in brown for him .
livia would love to visit chicco in rome one day .
ravi thinks he is a jerk because of the email he sent at 16 . 34 .
phillip met a girl . he will take her out . elizabeth won't lend him her car .
christie and katie are tired after the party .
adam is going on a date with debbie tonight and he is looking for an idea to do something unusual . sean suggests taking her to the circus as he did with jessica last year and adam likes this idea .
jacqui has an idea for a new website , a self learning institute . andy will write website architecture for him and provide hosting for the first year . it will cost between two and three hundred dollars . jacqui is going to start a crowdfunding campaign .
raymond reminds reddington to pack documents up . they will have an interview .
hannah is drunk . she met with her ex boyfriend jack .
mia is complaining about the cold . mia needs to buy gloves and warmer clothes . ben thinks mia should move to another country , like spain .
henry sent beth a video to help her with preparing her presentation . beth watched the video and is going to use some of the ideas that it talks about .
mrs woodson's going to buy 3 basketfuls from mike , so he should give her a fair price .
lindsey is going to paris for the weekend with her lover .
aidan invited ashley for supper on friday at 7pm . ashley has to work , so she's not able to attend . ashley will try to visit aidan in vancouver this summer .
ash gets a lot of spam e mails every day .
ray and alice will sort out their priorities and decide what to buy next . ray is afraid of being fired .
rosie's turning on the tv because suits are on the air .
evelyn and chris are meeting up in the co working space . chris ordered evelyn an irish creme coffee . he advised her to cut through the shopping mall cause of the sidewalks work .
gina offered rob a loan for his knee surgery , as the private one costs 5000 .
nelly sends her essay to gina in order to help her deal with writer's block .
brandon's brother has been texting riley since morning . riley hasn't replied .
cate is looking for dark brown cloth for a suit . trevor will take his measurements tomorrow once he comes to the shop . the suit will be ready on tuesday .
frederick's uncle died in a car crash . his funeral is at 5 pm .
ela was on a business meeting in warsaw and missed her flight to poznań . ela will wait for the next flight , which is in 3 hours .
brian will give taylor a ride to the library tonight . taylor's toyota did not start this morning and it probably cannot be repaired .
wanda asks jackie for advice what to buy him form valentine's day . jackie suggests sports stuff and the idea of a soccer jersey wins .
lena needs a mixer , but gus only has a blender and an eggbeater .
mark dislikes the picture of dorian gray . anthony needs to read it for an art project . mark will lend the book to anthony .
adam will not keep phil's dog at his place because he is allergic .
andrea will let belle know how the date went .
peter's son broke his arm horseriding . peter takes a week of sick leave .
blake and pat look good on the photo together . it had been taken before pat twisted her ankle .
daryl . jo and lou discuss addiction to games . jo plays once or twice a week for 2 3 hours . lou plays every day , but he doesn't feel addicted .
sofia got a mysterius letter and is too scared to open it .
today some idiot called the municipal police and they chained charlie's car for a parking offence .
jenson is late with his project . he had to face many obstacles . he is scared of franklin's reaction . molly will help him tomorrow afternoon .
alexander is looking for a good product designer . cindy's friend is a product designer . cindy sends alexander a link to his website .
margo'd rather mark didn't go to the poker night at brian's this saturday , but mark convinces her . she wants to pick up mark afterwards .
papi used jolene's new peeling . it's cheap and has a nice smell . you use it twice a week . there is shower gel of the same fragrance . papi will buy it together with an eyeliner for jolene tomorrow .
julia is coming over to roman's as his parents are not home .
amanda's writing the thesis about the happiness policy of bhutan .
jane wanted to go out on friday . amber will be back by 8 so that marvin can go to the gym .
barb and dad want to talk to jason when he gets home . bark wants to know when jason is coming home . jason doesn't want to come home .
jake will probably hand in his essay 2 days after the deadline . his grade will be lowered by 1 percent per each day of delay . jonas has finished his essay .
ellie is curious whether she wears too much makeup . susan reckons she overdoes it sometimes . ellie is confident and doesn't care .
katherine dome got invited by lucas sally to an interview this week . her availability to participate in the project is 30 hours per week .
james and abby meet in bella italia at 7 pm .
tonny hates his job and wants to quit . he was given a horrible project at the last minute .
terry will have to take a bus , because mum has to be at school at 7 30 .
jamie tells pierce off for smacking beth's ass last night in front of everyone . pierce was drunk , he'll apologise to beth .
fiona and they had two ambulances come in at 2 a . m . and at 4 . a . m . she has now back pain . owen will message it for fiona later .
it is 1 am in london .
jack asks thomas to buy butter , he's making a mushroom soup .
kinga didn't sleep well because of a headache . she is better now . jacek slept great , but had to get up early . kinga's package hasn't arrived yet . kinga will ask about it at the courier's office today .
teresa wants to know who is going to boston for the conference . molly has missed the deadline , so she cannot join . alphonse and terry are going there . theresa , alphonse , marion and josh will meet in boston on friday . alphonse and teresa are staying at marriott , terry is staying at a friend's place .
air transport is the fastest method of travel in laos but it can be expensive . buses are also available but the roads are in a bad condition . trains are not available .
alex is shocked that 1 in 5 people suffer from depression . emma thinks that people do not always realise that they have depression . mark states that people ignore this problem . in nancy's opinion people should talk openly about depression .
andrew explains to john and brett why the mechanics are the most complicated part of a jrpg game . andrew is surprised by the way fights are executed in the game .
sebastian owes anthony 42 euros . he will transfer the money in the evening .
hernandez has eaten a lot and he's full .
jodie watches killing eve with sandra oh . jodie and ben will binge watch it .
kate and tom went back home at 4 after a crazy party . george fell asleep at midnight .
kate had the meeting with the bachelors today . she was talking about managing unpredictability in the field . the students liked the topic and they wanted to know more about field research .
carlie's child just walked a few steps today , rylen's is still on the bed , but says mama and dada . carlie's child eats cerelac and bananas .
karissa is watching the millionaires and john is watching prince is right . after the show , john will pick her up and they will go to mcdonald's . john hasn't eaten since breakfast and he will have a big mac combo . on their way , karissa will pick up some notes from lauren .
lori has no electricity but everything's fine at bee's . lori will have to call them .
harriett , tony , nina and tina are meeting this evening . tony has to change the reservation because tina will bring someone with her .
beth did her nails at ali nail art . gemma , jennifer , holly , tracy and claire love them .
rachel and kendall are going christmas shopping on wednesday .
mark is sending lessie schedule for next semester .
larisa hates her . olena will come for larisa .
alan sent the proposal to the promotions team as grant wanted . grant suggests allan to continue promoting his college and distributing the flyers .
kent is stuck in traffic but should be home by 7pm .
rodney asks walt to recommend some good books . walt has recently read conqueror by conn iggulden and he can recommend it to rodney . apart from that , he's read a biography about r . a . dickey . walt has conqueror and r . a . on his kindle . he will bring it to work tomorrow .
erik will have to wait for mckayla for 5 or 10 minute as she is running late .
kelly and brenda thinks amy's hair is horrible . kelly wants red hair but will wait for a while as she would have to change the wardrobe .
donatella will buy cheap fat milk for vanessa and vegan milk in glass for cam .
someone left a hair straightener behind at josh's . hannah is fine with melanie taking it . melanie can get one in october . josh will put it in the car for the highest bidder .
diego will pick up ellie's mail today after 5 and will put it in a mail box .
rex is recovering after the visit at the vet's . karina and aubrey hope he'll get well soon .
bailey had an interview with the same owner at the same place lilly did last year . there was a cat and a dog there . the owner wasn't nice . bailey is on her way to meet lilly and sees two more dogs . it is warm and lilly's wearing too many clothes . she is walking over to meet bailey at the entrance .
with michael's help , mary managed to finish new york times puzzle .
luke will visit andy to play the new assassin's creed .
annette will tell bry tonight what she has decided about her life .
ben and mario are going to the concert at 7 .
zac and jeff would like to go for the new spiderman with martha . mary is not keen on joining them .
gloria , lily , kitty and mary are meeting in the library later to study for the test . mary will be late .
gemma will help carmen later .
barnaby , lindsey and gerard think of playing volleyball together one day .
tony wants to get back home from the city centre but the underground is not working . austin is going to pick tony up from the spire .
this weekend wendy is very lazy because she worked hard at work , and angela is meeting chris . simon is chilling in the garden and painting his cupboards green . next week , ben , angela , chris and wendy will visit him in his new apartament .
joe is going shopping tomorrow . otherwise sue will be mad at him for not getting her a gift for her birthday on saturday . joe and patty decide that earrings within the range of 500 would be the best gift for sue . patty can help joe pick them out .
cristi will come back home after exams , probably in 2 weeks . it's just 1 year until she gets her degree . she and her dad miss each other .
sonia instructs kate how to teach a guy respect for her time .
grayson did not sleep last night because of the barking .
linda enjoyed a horror movie hereditary . linda moved to a new place from ballina yesterday . she's been looking for properties at terania creek where duncan lives . linda had dinner with sammy and ruth last night . linda will organise a bbq for andrei and their friends .
nancy regrets not taking part in daniel's seaside trip . she will let daniel know when she is free .
celeb wants to play fortnite with nathan , but nathan has to prepare for a math test the next day . celeb doesn't like maths and is not happy with his math teacher . he likes his school because it has the best basketball program . they will play online tomorrow night .
chris' phone is too old and he needs a new one . paul will find a phone for chris .
john will get a take away .
attila wants to buy underwear as a birthday present for his girlfriend but does not know her size . baldar suggests that he should buy size d .
while training for a run , sam's pulled his muscle . he's taking part in a run because he lost a bet .
mila had to refuse keira's invitation . she wants to meet with keira soon .
phil is busy , he will talk to annie later .
mary finished watching game of thrones today and shares it with laurel . laurel's favorite character is cersei and tyrion . mary's favorite character is arya , although she usually does not like child characters .
brittany's mad at her new assistant who booked a meeting with the head of brand for next week instead of for tomorrow . john is surprised over her calling the assistant an idiot and suggests she's kinder to people .
kris is in south africa .
matt has had a tough time recently and he's tired .
emily will be late , as she forgot her notes . julie will save emily a seat .
jennifer offers seraphine and dominicque watching a movie together tonight . dominicque suggests watching 'me before you' and decides to download it .
liam has conveyed lora's message to lily .
alan is still sore from the last time so is not going to the gym tonight . he thinks he will be fine for friday and will meet john then .
steven's dog ate kimberly's new shoes . this is not the first time the dog destroyed something . they think they should take the pet to the behaviorist as it is uncontrollable .
pedro took toefl 5 times already , but he didn't manage to get a good score . kamil took it once . his score was enough for him .
jennifer and jessica are both going to patty's birthday party . they are meeting tomorrow at mandy's at 6 , to buy gift for patty .
anna will wait inside for kate , who is late as she had to wait for the bus .
alex will come over to mia's around 7 .
phil will need to pay for all of the damage because he didn't get a damage waiver , as grace stated .
john wants to buy a cross trainer but he has both a limited budget and space for it . his friends advise him to invest in more expensive machine if he's determined to achieve his goals .
chris and phil are getting some beer at the bar at 8 .
damian's got a flat tyre on the corner of collins and flinders st . jim will grab a spare tyre from his garage and will come to help him .
denise is at the training from 1pm to 9pm . kian is surprised it takes so long . she will cook something because denise is hungry .
on channel 4 there is an interview freddie had a few weeks ago . evelyn is not at home so she can't watch it , but it will be available on the internet .
heidi sends isla a group composition which she did for music gcse . isla considers heidi very talented in music . isla does not remember much from music gcse .
agnes is going to the cinema in the weekend with lucy and rosie to see chef flynn . andy will join them .
laura reminded makayla when the deadline is on makayla's request .
bret was sick last week and hit a deer with his truck which cost him a lot . daisy is working and saving money . daisy is going to a concert this weekend . daisy hasn't dyed her hair in 12 weeks . daisy and bret used to dye bret's hair themselves .
sheila has sent larisa the picture of that dress .
michael used a wrong window .
samantha circulated kate's pictures at the university . kate is angry and blocks samantha .
jesse is getting married next year .
amber had a fever last night . she is taking home made remedies . amber hasn't seen the doctor yet , but she will .
laura can leave at 2 . she will meet kate downstairs in 10 minutes . they will go for drinks .
sharon needs a bike pump . dorothy had a bike accident . they need to fix a tire .
tony is quite satisfied with his job .
jake and suzanne are going to join josh at sears .
aretha will get arabella two pairs of black stockings , size m from misty's magazine when she's there in the next few days .
iga recommends some tv shows to simone .
the band dreamcatcher are making a comeback at the end of this month . randy and brian are fans of them .
zoe's friend called jonathan last night and asked him to get that guitar for him .
tina wants a recipe tor vegan gluten free cookies . donna sends her a link ,
john will be working his second week off . al is visiting his parents in law . al will write some sheets for the revision material . john will put a good word in for al .
emily needs some time before she's ready to leave . carol will be outside .
ross is packed and ready to head out to sara . he will take a break if he feels tired .
griff and tea will meet in 10 minutes to have a walk in the park .
sonia will go and work in keep calm cafe as carioca is quite far away .
tim has a lot of work now . his teammate resigned so they have to temporarily do his job . that's why he didn't talk to his parents for the last two weeks . they're planning to eat out on saturday . claude , his dad , is going to ask his wife and get back to him .
sam is feeling better now . nel's day was fine .
louise asks george for help with getting to the office because she forgot her access badge .
romeo is at a party in reims . paul will be spending this weekend at his girlfriend's . romeo and paul will not be in the same group on monday . paul will be staying at his grandma's then .
in spain , ezra is partying and sightseeing instead of doing his research .
becky didn't like stranger things .
anna was singing a song in the class . stefan was singing the same song before her .
kim has invited jennifer to an imagine dragons concert in prague . she is going to tell her how much the tickets cost .
albert and leo are interested in a fb event involving drinking beer and stand up .
clara , suzanne and jennifer have a home assignment for literature for tomorrow . they forgot , and are going to call in sick .
sandra suggests matija to try meat pie today . ivan and boris find it good .
melissa , connor , lucia , chris and frankie are going to the lake tomorrow , they are starting at 1pm , except of frankie , she leaves at 2 . melissa told frankie to bring blankets only , they will have barbecue at the spot . frankie is also bringing the speaker .
violet saw cb special last night .
victor made his first steps . he will be 10 months old in a week .
nick has downloaded the movie on powell's request .
michael publishes on facebook terrible political comments and fights with people in comments . reese has known him since they were little . she will not unfriend him , following nora's advice .
pat will make some pasta for dinner for brad and mary .
megan wants to buy a jump rope to get back into shape . mia advises her to buy it at decathlon and to go practice in the park nearby .
ollie can't find the store . he needs jake's help with that .
ginny is afraid of darkness and she cannot enter her house because dan switched off the lights . dan will join her shortly .
jessica had a fight with mark . fiona does not have a spare bed for her because her sister is staying with her . jessica will sleep at john's place .
shirley asked blake about his sister's trip around europe . blake reported that she's fine and , unlike him , she loved being on the move .
it's foggy this morning . rose got out of bed an hour ago to get ready for work . david doesn't want to get up . david and rose will see each other at work .
jessica had mri . she has an appointment with a neurologist on friday . she has some head related problems .
nav slept well . ria had a tiring day doing housework .
next week raoul and janice will bring a cake and introduce themselves to the new neighbours that are now moving in . they are a young couple around raoul and janice's age .
berry can't meet suzie today because he has a headache . she has to work late . they will meet some other time .
angela is amazed by joan's look on the photos from the party . joan recommends using the right beauty products like primers and setting spray .
mary's problem is that her period has been irregular lately . mary hasn't told about that to a doctor yet as she's afraid that the doctor'll tell mary's mother that she's been deflowered .
rich will pick helen up tomorrow at 5 , and he will take her to the vet .
paula , liam , hector , and oscar want to camp the first night in the mountain hut on the western path .
tom has a problem with number 6 in his homework . it turns out it's optional , so he goes to frank to play gods of war .
lisa wants meredith to call her .
audrey and tom are going to meet at the airport . tom is worried that audrey is not going to be there on time .
today in california 12 people have been killed in a shooting . the suspect is a 28 year old veteran . mass shootings happen often in the us due to lax gun laws . lawmakers don't do much to change it . california's governor ordered flags to be flown at half staff .
sara will be late , she's stuck in traffic .
matt will be 10 minutes late . hilary is going to be there even later .
bob is very excited because his wife has just given birth to their children .
nancy wants to know which social media to use for her business . vix proposes using facebook , instagram and twitter and phil using the same post all over in order to save time .
the breakfast is ending in 20 minutes . paul just woke up and jenny is coming .
cecilio and lynn find the little skates dangerous , while loan , hazzard , bongo , ngoc and sami think it's worth trying .
there is new management team in lydia s and frank s workplace . they are all men .
sarah is planning a party . adrian helps her with figuring out the food . glen and marty are vegetarian . adrian will look at catering options . sarah will cover the decorations . sarah will take danny from the kindergarten .
samuel proposed nolan to meet but nolan was busy taking lauren to the airport .
nina and max have lots of plans for tonight , so they think of skipping the visit at nina's parents even though max promised nina's dad some help with the computer . max will leave nina at monica s , so she can get her nails done and he will go help dan move by himself .
filmore , gibson , pascal and beck have 800 to spend . gibson would like to buy t shirts for all . pascal and beck think they should go for drinks instead .
paul , zac and edward are working on the 31st of december . all consider this workday unproductive . zac gets off work at 3 . paul has to stay until 5 .
lucas' sister will take malin to the airport at 4 30 .
bailey complains with the seller about the quality of the item he bought . its stitching is getting loose . alison processes his grievance and has a replacement sent to him . he does not have to send back the faulty item and will receive a new one in 2 days .
barbara can't go to the karaoke with umer tonight but agrees to go to the cinema with him and watch the new queen film instead . umer'll buy tickets online and he'll pick barbara up at seven o'clock .
jared thinks slavs use too much alcohol .
nancy will come over to flo's for dinner on the 21st . nancy needs a new evening dress for the gala . they will meet next saturday in that new place everyone is talking about for lunch then go shopping .
adrew had to mute his notifications as he was on a meeting . nick and adrew will meet at 9 .
gareth declares that he'll explain felix's absence in tomorrow's class with mr . smith .
hank will come to nia's place in 30 minutes to see them .
mia left to buy some beer . she met ethan , they went for a couple of drinks . owen has been waiting for her for 2 hours . mia will come back in 30 minutes .
it's saturday . bert is playing fallout with his brother , minnie studies . johann has a new deck . they set up a meeting after minnie's classes .
today is the deadline . jp forgot about it and he's in trouble now .
jasmine is a starbucks on regent's street while martin and robert are at starbucks on mill street .
jacob will pick up the fruits from carol's garden on wednesday at 6 pm .
sam is too lazy to go to the gym with bill .
cillian and iris have a pe class with mr ross tomorrow . mr ross made cillian run 5 extra laps yesterday .
jack is coming home . dolores has an appointment set but she left him a lasagne in the fridge .
cathleen has a date with her boyfriend , so she and nicole won't have a girls night tonight .
jayden will download a star wars movie for olivia .
sandra met matt at anna's birthday party yesterday . she doesn't want to run into him again .
paige is falling asleep and wants to finish tomorrow . jacob wants to continue for 30 60 mins so they are done . oliver suggests it's not productive and wants them to be ready tomorrow morning .
kade doesn't want to lend his controller to sash . but kade is willing to sell and old one to sash .
sue and paul's dad has some problems with legs . sue did some supply teaching work last week in swansea and has an interview next week in a new school in port talbot . paul saw russell howard in birmingham last weekend and sue saw bohemian rhapsody . paul will probably visit for christmas next .
rachel didn't have time to wash preston's blue shirt . preston will probably wear the grey one .
gina and arnold are going to the gym before going away for the weekend . they will have breakfasts at their place and drink and dine in pubs . arnold likes meat very much .
marie's afternoon will be less crammed . marie and scott will think over gifts for the staff tomorrow morning between 9 and 9 30 .
alex will show kai how to change the strings today .
ann has already checked in .
it's mary's birthday soon . tom , karen , henry and mike are chipping in for a gift for her .
grayson got the job . he starts next monday . he'll call his parents . nancy congratulates him on the job .
joseph , gabriel and alonzo are playing a game .
james needs a date for a wedding this weekend , he asked nicky or carrie to join him . nicky is going to go to the wedding with him .
jim still hasn't received an answer .
sarah cannot drive .
theresa is at the airport , her vacation has already finished . she had a good time and forgot about her work .
rick and will are planning to go to vienna before christmas , and they need more people to pay less for gas .
josh got a job contract , lasting until the end of the year . it's the company which had employed him earlier as an intern .
jamal lost power for a couple of hours due to the storm last night . carrie has power but a tree fell down last night . jamal's yard is a wreck . carrie wanted to go for a walk today .
saige decides to start to read books . donte advises her hundred heroes . he sends it to her via internet . she will start the book tomorrow . today she's tired .
bella needs jacob's help for her interview tomorrow .
joanne made dinner for phil and is waiting for him . phil is going home .
ines lost her wallet .
gwen shares the trailer with pamela and tim . pamela is looking forward to seeing the film .
tina is on beach holidays in winter . there is a bad weather where judith is .
jason has just bought tickets to a concert , he and ashley will attend . they have good places .
paul has just landed . peter instructs him to go to the shuttle bus that will take him to the railway station . the bus ticket can probably be bought from the driver . paul will let peter know when he's on the train .
ursula is unable to open the door , because the key doesn't work . craig will come down and help her .
matt keeps on sending kat photographs of his penis . she tells him to stop . he thinks he is being nice , she disagrees .
cora , francis and kevin will go out to eat .
fred is browsing real estate offers . reynold advises fred that he should carefully check the apartment before buying it .
freddie , ian , leslie and colin will visit lorne in the hospital on saturdat at 11 . they will bring her a signed get well card and presumably something to read .
wandy thanks alice for the night . they will do the same the next day .
fay is taking orders for the new calendars . olivia and nate are interested . mike is not .
noelle is having salmon with vegetables . she likes it . danny loves salmon .
alex is supervising students who started preparing conference rooms and she's satisfied so far . professor johnson will not take part in the conference due to health issues , so alex will read his paper at the conference .
sam will buy some paper towels and soap upon virginia's request .
frankie burnt dinner that rose left , but he's already ordered rose's favourite pizza .
greg is running late and it's snowing . isabel will ask sam to help her shovel before greg gets home .
joan invites chantal and geoffrey to her place tomorrow to celebrate the referendum results .
barbara wants to invite her parents to a restaurant to celebrate her promotion . taylor recommends an indian place . barbara's parents wouldn't like it . taylor suggests a mediterranean restaurant near galeria mokotów . barbara is enthusiastic about the idea .
burrows told maya's mother that maya was punished at college . she will have to do better at her studies now .
isaac has just finished work . he will pick up some dinner and come to khadija soon .
charlotte has a cough . natasha had a safe trip .
michael presents a product which is a terminology database containing more than 8 . 5 million terms . it costs 49 . 9 dollars per month . michael is sending the offer to lucas .
wyatt won 4 to 1 with logan . sadie congratulates him .
timothy walked a long way to get a pizza for issac because the previous pizza place was closed . issac is very hungry .
helga has time on saturday , but johannes is out of town this weekend , so he can't join the meeting which helen proposed .
sixte will work on joly france this summer . caroline will rent sixte a room .
isaac and wendy will go to ikea on friday after 2 pm to buy pillows and eat something .
manchester city lost on the weekend although they had many shots on target .
leo feels guilty about his car breaking down in the snow , so he apologized to cindy .
peter , is watching live leak and natalie doesn't like it .
brian caught a big fish , but didn't have it stuffed because his wife doesn't like fishing . they froze what they didn't eat .
jerry asked bianca out yesterday . hellen is very excited about it . bianca is going to tell hellen how their date went .
ella will be late .
debbie weren't at the meeting today . she had a call from a new client . meredith went out yesterday night with annie and melanie and she meta very handsome man , sam . meredith is having a dinner with him at the three forks .
amanda hates her boss because he is not fair with her .
jim had a talk with ben , who proposed him to go to equatorial guinea . jerry received the same offer . the company got a licence and they will do a big project there .
don is making chicken with veggies for dinner . margaret can make pancakes with nutella for desert . maya will get the nutella .
oscar and mia are presenting in one panel tomorrow . mia wanted to be there at 10 . mia and oscar will share a taxi .
romualdo starts his new job as a happiness manager next week .
jeff's car crashed into wall . hans says jeff will have to pay up to 5000 . angelo and andrew were in the car too , so they want to share this expense . mario thinks jeff should try getting some money from the company .
joan left david because the relationship burnt up .
rob will join bob , tim , ann and john for a games night tonight around 7 .
raphael , carlos and faith are planning to go sailing this summer . raphael and carlos have sailing experience . faith doesn't . raphael , carlos and faith are considering sailing the mediterranean near balearic islands or greece .
tim found the keys he had actually put in his pocket .
emily passed her driving test on tuesday . rachel's driving test is next wednesday .
cris is at the store . eve wants him to buy some advil .
peter is asking diana if she wants to go eat with him . diana is suggesting a new restaurant at elm street , a place where peter also wants to go . they both will meet there at 4 .
barb burnt bob's sweater while trying to light up fireworks last year . she found indentical sweater on the internet and she wants to give it to bob in person . barb learns that bob got married last month , so she abandons her idea .
victoria's brother and will's parents voted in favor of brexit .
sandra and her fiancé are going to a barbecue party at her parents house . she also invited jerry with his new girlfriend that she's dying to meet .
patricia and tom are expecting a baby after months of trying and despite their active lifestyle .
tommy is worried that los angeles lakers won't make it to the play offs . he thinks that one player won't win the whole tournament for the team , and that they really struggle with injuries this season . ethan thinks they should still have faith and cheer on their favourite team .
charlotte likes tom but emily isn't sure about him . tom asked jane out yesterday . jane thinks he's handsome and wants to give him a chance .
karl and charles have seen the new marvel movie . karl liked it very much , while charles thinks it's overhyped . carla and cara haven't seen it yet , so they're going to go and watch it together . charles recommends going to the cinema to see star wars , cara the new trier movie , karl logan .
maria and lia are too tired to come to the reception party , but maria feels it's important . lia avoids networking .
may and jack are having a baby . may's four months pregnant and she feels fine . they don't know the sex yet , but they thought about the names for the child . it will be julia or robert , depending on its gender .
they are having fun at hue's birthday party . katherine forgot about it and cannot join because she is going to drive to jersey now .
mr . raffles will come over tomorrow to fix jason's shower .
joanna and wyatt will meet to make a pom pom and drink a cup of tea .
leo is looking for a babysitter for the summer . he will be alone with 3 kids and the baby . clem passes his cousin's contact . he texted her . leo will call her tonight .
the class went for a school trip today . ben and ricky hadn't paid , so they didn't go . polly has totally forgotten about the trip and she doesn't even know whether her mother paid for it .
oti might come to ally's dinner on saturday if he's feeling better .
tom and simon really regretted that ben affleck will no longer play batman . they consider nolan trilogy good but not in terms of batman movies maybe except for the first one . according to them , nothing beats the animated series though .
sylvia accidentally bought the tickets for spiderman at 6 . 30 .
robert received money meg transferred . robert has already wrapped the gift so it's ready .
neville is in a little village . he wants that he and mariner get a talented child , a violinist , out of the little village .
matt wants to visit kaitlyn in july but he doesn't want to spend a lot on flights .
ula is on the dean's roll .
val watched bohemian rhapsody and said it's fantastic .
nicky went to a party when phil was away and didn't tell him . she spent 3k , for 1000 she bought things for home .
richard is thinking about moving back to byron next year . richard wants to visit 1st week of december but susan asks him to pick a different date . richard is busy with two jobs .
archie got a job at the hardware store .
anton has a room in warsaw to offer . the rent is 400 pln a month . clem isn't sure whether he will take it . when he writes to anton the second time , the room is no longer available .
des east's last girlfriend tried to get out of the car while it was moving . des wanted to rescue her , but she attacked him . sue doesn't want to call des , so jason will do that .
carl is in his uncle's will so he may come into a lot of money . carl will probably find out this week . lewis will keep his fingers crossed and will talk to carl later .
dean and larry are going to have a beer today .
mark and adam love dizzy's last video .
rita is not enjoying her stay in canada and is looking forward to coming home next week .
the last e mail from katy informs that they raised the target to 30 . terry's team is upset . the target was 17 five months ago . it was raised to 25 two weeks ago . terry and mike's performance was better than expected . there are people who struggled to meet the last target .
eva is fine and lucas has a lot of work .
ellie has ordered some books for school and she has to be at home waiting for the parcel . dad will be late . he will buy some milk and potatoes .
bill got a dent in the parking lot . somebody probably hit his car with a shopping cart . bill saved about 40 , but fixing the dent will cost him about 160 .
jannet can't understand how a video from west can be so popular and make so much money . jenny agrees .
well preserved frescos were found in pompeii , italy . aron and alice like the frescos .
dave and howie are meeting for spliffs and netflix . howie will get some snacks on his way to dave's .
eloise and phil want rick to build a miniature train track running around the garden in a circle for their grandchildren . they want their fantasy garden and they don't mind the cost . rick will bring the 3d digital schematic on tuesday at 2 pm .
lucy will borrow tom's car today . then she'll drive to the store and buy a chest of drawers for her room .
kim ate trudy's yoghurt . she'll buy another one .
john and other guys were busy this week . mark will ask if the other team is free this weekend to play a match .
two people died in an accident on wide street .
randy wanted to meet with bartek at 7 p . m . halfway between the suburbs and the central station . bartek did not know that randy has a boyfriend . randy wanted to go with her boyfriend at the meeting . bartek was surprised by that and decided not to meet at all .
oprah wanted to know if michelle likes surprise parties . she doesn't .
rayburn organises a night of scrabble tomorrow . tyson will join , but won't play . there'll be up to 8 players , 4 games , the winner gets a bottle of borze .
jason is in charge of the karaoke this year and wants to make a list of songs . grace wants disney's songs , harry the beatles , jane spice girls , celia hozier and adel , fran the songs from hamilton , albert baby got back , charlie fleetwood mac the chain and ginny jazz classics .
josh offered peter a big rise and a transfer to another office in angola . peter is seriously considering the offer .
polly needed help updating flash player to watch the stranger things . she got help from filo .
eve is going to the pub tonight .
caleb needs to find an apartment . his recent flatmate is negligent of hygiene . logan knows a girl who is looking for a flatmate . caleb used to find his flatmates on craigslist .
ashley and brody are studying for economy exam . brody will study tomorrow . they skipped some chapters . ashley got her graph wrong , brody's was correct .
tom would like a female severum to accompany his male . angela has not got any big enough , but can grow one ready for in 6 months . angela invites tom for tomorrow to discuss payments .
jimmy and tina had to adapt to new circumstances in a new place . tina's longest relationship was two years .
jasmine reminds sienna what the door code is again .
sean moved out of town . he is satisfied with his new job .
ashlyn found the instagram account of rowan wells . he posts the pictures with his cat and his best friend there .
edward took hannah's shawl by accident last night .
lane and kristopher are arriving . cortney is there already . hailey is in a taxi on the bridge . allison's not ready because she's mistaken the dates . hailey will pick up allison in 10 minutes . they will all meet in 30 minutes .
today at marshall's gym there was a substitute . she gave many new exercises . normally , the instructor does squats , push ups , one type of swings and burpees .
alice went to the police probably to give a report as she was robbed yesterday , but they did not want to help her . then alice tells patrick more about the assault and wants revange on the arabic guy who did it .
madison had a fight with grayson . he didn't want to talk about their future together , like having a family or children . madison has polycystic ovary syndrome and she needs to get pregnant in two years time if she wants to bear a child .
butch locked kevin in the locker . kevin is ashamed to tell his parents and he doesn't want to go back to school .
a new vegan restaurant is being opened next wednesday . camille and miranda are going to have dinner there on saturday .
vick and ian are going to play basketball . ian shoud come around the back because vick's mom is in bad mood .
amanda can't access the train website to buy a ticket . jonathan will help amanda .
liz can't leave before 5 pm as fat hill is watching so will be home before 6 . liz isn't sure if she wants to go out . liz and peter will probably stay in watching netflix . peter has bought a bottle a of primitivo for tomorrow .
peris want to start dieting . omari has already been dieting for 2 months .
july won't come to berlin on saturday because she has to work .
toby skipped school . the math class was cancelled . he will come to school tomorrow if he feels better .
tom took josh to the doctor and , as riley said , josh needs glasses .
bart has sent dean a picture of mary from their primary school . she's attractive .
daniel's new dog does not have a name yet . daniel fears the dog will destroy things at home .
todd , dan and tate will play a gig at the rivoli in 2 weeks . they'll practice today at 6 in the rehearsal space of lemonwood rd . todd can't bring is vox amp , but he'll take his road king .
noah visits his grandma . leo reminds him about bringing some good food from his grandma .
jorge was hitting on carmen on david's party and she has screens to prove it . barbra is not interested in him because she's gay .
jaxon tried his first chocolate orange . he liked it .
charlie is organising a book exchange at the office .
kate has sent john her photo . he thiks she looks gorgeous in it .
sue doesn't watch jk any more as it's disgusting .
adam will record it somewhere else through the interface and software . hector gave and installed the interface before .
andy and jane ate lunch together . they had a tomato soup and sandwiches . tomorrow they'll have rice and fish for lunch .
finn is going to lend his car to chris , who needs it for a date with crystal . chris will refuel the car .
they will divide the bill in equal parts including what paul paid for the taxi . ellie wants to pay for claire .
lucas will take care of abby's dripping tap . sid is in manchester at the moment .
mum's seeing someone and she didn't tell yvonne or anne .
amelia doesn't want to hang out with aiden . she has a boyfriend .
sarah will bring harry his laptop charger in 10 minutes .
joshua has a stressful day at work . joshua and ella will meet after 8pm in brooklyn . ella will text joshua the exact place and book a table . ella has to work tomorrow .
the ticket from warsaw to berlin is 30 euro . peter will buy the tickets for danny and himself . danny will transfer him the money in pln . they're going to stay until sunday , because danny wants to go sightseeing . peter might tag along if the weather is nice .
cathy's coming to emma's place . emma and annie will wait for her at the east station .
margo will not join nathalie for a coffee .
liz needs a whisk to make an omelette for harry but she needs to ask lora where it is .
terry and karen are planning b day party for travis . terry booked cute barber and fixed them 15 off food and drinks . sheila and john are buying a new drone as a gift . they are starting at 5 . 30 . travis thinks they are celebrating terry's promotion .
jasmine really appreciates the gift that she received from nina and rob . jasmine hopes to see them soon .
john wants to know if his cat marks are updated . lucy needs to consult it with the hod on monday . john will look for lucy at the staff lounge this week to deal with the issue .
gralecyn has to transport a sofa upstairs tomorrow . clayton will come to help at 7pm . jeffrey will come also .
natalie is worried about lily . lily will be back in ten minutes .
paula thinks colombia and usa played a great game . paula is going to start watching soccer .
steven will take the bus home as his class got cancelled . lucy wants him to buy some milk and eggs .
the party at amanda's started at 8 pm . tony is already there .
andrzej wanted to take darek skiing in the afternoon . darek refused to go .
kyle's cat went missing yesterday . kyle called molly but she doesn't know where he is .
benjamin wants to read the time machine by wells as everyone knows it .
greg is going to the meeting at 4 pm but kevin has another one then so he can't be there . greg will text kevin with the highlights when the meeting is over .
james goes to emma at around 5 p . m . today , and julia wanted to go around 7 p . m .
piyush is working at concentrix in the security department . he's not happy with his post and prefers a manager position . piyush plans to change his job .
fran will buy some stiltion with apricots on frank's request .
ashley will download migos' hot summer from itunes and rate it for rashford as soon as he's listened to it .
noah will pick up patricia at 7 on friday and they'll go to a tapas bar opened by his friends as they're organising an opening night . noah and patricia can grab a drink as they had fun together last time .
arturo is home . talia is going to faro in september . arturo will be in lisbon at that time .
phil and doug didn't do well on today's exam .
mike's car died . he wants to borrow john's car , but john refuses .
marty , chris and bernie are going to have a wild night out .
jo believes republican system is better than democracy .
keiran needs 4 pages on the apple iphonexr asap . keiran emailed the details . sue is going through it now .
two countries haven't been able to reach agreement for centuries . there was a referendum in guatemala last year . according to the plan , belize will hold a referendum in april 2019 . however , it's not settling the dispute and they'll send the case to the international tribunal .
vanessa can put the pot with soup on the stove for marie .
martin has already bought a book for dev . martin is out off town till friday . chris , ruth and ella want to buy a new backpack on wednesday afternoon .
olga , alexis and milton are going to the korean place on washington street on sunday , the 3rd .
jaylin remembered to feed bobby's fish .
lonya's having holidays . she doesn't like the fact that every foreigner does the same activities . most of the structures there are reconstructed . lonya objects to the fact that it's not explicitly said . lonya is staying there for 10 more days .
jessica wants everyone to be on time at 2 for thanksgiving . gary will be there at 1 . 30 . tiffany will pick grandma up and will bring the stuffing . david is making cobbler . jessica wants no cards this year as it got out of control last year .
jacky went out with mike for a short while and then they stopped . susan thought jacky and mike were in love . susan wants to arrange a blind date for jacky . jacky will see whether to give it a go or not .
james will ask his sister's friend kim , if she's involved with anyone
winnie and qasar congratulate peppe on winning the game .
camil wants to collect opinions about the bowling on friday with the price of 5 per person . jannet and joseph are ok with 8 pm , and luna opts for 9 pm . they'll have a before party at camil's place at around 7 pm , but luna won't be there . they're also planning the after party , though .
elmer is fine at his new job , but he has to learn a lot of things fast .
amber wants to buy dresses for the summer and something to wear for her cousin's wedding in july . esther is busy today and can't go shopping with amber , but might have time on saturday .
catherine and margaret will meet on the weekend to go to the mall , do nails and eat healthy lunch . they both keep ordering clothes online but most of the time they don't fit .
fin needs a laptop but he doesn't have money . chloe advices for a rental .
kyla sends wilson her late science project .
jane , paul , rachel and donna want to get something to eat , but it's to early for lunch . they will probably have some cake and lunch afterwards .
joey confirms to samuel that he has picked the heavy parcel . he will leave it at the reception desk .
tim , jean and therese will have lunch together .
there is probably a new game book . lee , raul and paul don't have it yet . they are meeting tonight . lee will bring jim .
sara is in jessie's bathroom because ursula spilt red wine on her . sara needs someone to bring her another dress . martha is watching a movie with sylvia and john but she will bring her a red dress in 15 minutes .
norman will do grocery shopping with effiie .
dominic has signed up for pole dancing classes . max won't join him . he thinks it's too gay .
frederci sends nathaly information about a place where she could buy comics for a reasonalble price . frederick offers to pick the items up from the shop .
victory street will be closed for works which is a nuisance for rob and tim . joe walks to work everyday so he remains unconcerned .
mikaela studies in portugal and works in poland . daphne visited warsaw and gdansk last year .
james applies for the position of a sales person . this is a well paid position , but patrick does not know what to say about his motivation to get this job . patrick gives james helpful advise and some ideas from the web .
connie went to barbados for scuba diving . connie liked his scuba diving instructor . connie is later going to give his instructor's number to gil .
lisa is looking for a good hair dye . patty showed lisa the place where she can buy it . lisa will buy something for patty .
jeremy wants to rent a bus for the wedding . he is looking for a driver . jeremy is not talking to john because he behaved inappropriately towards jenny . john won't be at the wedding .
john deleted his facebook profile two years ago .
although rui doesn't like the last album from abc band , he'll go , because he likes other bands . kamil and noam will go too .
teresa will join nil and ben at the cafe .
greta sent it through google drive .
michael and becky are enjoying austria . freya has watched stardust . she also watched divergent and thinks it was ok . freya and becky are getting on well .
tom's pump doesn't work properly . it sucks the water in but pumps out just the air bubbles . nothing helps . the pump is still on warranty . hank will be home at 7 pm and will check the pump .
olec and greg are going shopping for henry's birthday present this saturday .
colson and jason will meet matt at the restaurant in 5 minutes .
maggie has moved out of jess' place . they will split the money invested in the apartment .
paul was at the pub and a big tattooed bald guy was staring at him until he went out of the pub . paul feels weird and finds it awkward .
daniel is mad at jacob . stacy knows what it's about .
malik didn't sit next to gabriela because he was engaged in conversation .
leo might want to prepare french fries . he'll buy potatoes and ketchup .
tom is looking for a female mate for his tropical fish . angela doesn't have any specimen at the store that would be big enough to be safely put together with tom's fish . angela offers to grow one of the females to the required size , but it's more costly and requires a payment in advance .
alex and faith are planning to visit a new restaurant near alex on sunday at 2 pm . they will make a reservation for 6 adults and 3 kids . faith may not join them because she has a flu .
jojo is upset with helen . jojo feels sexually harassed by a picture sent to her , helen doesn't think it a big deal .
the producers liked lars . beth will tell them in an hour that he is available also on saturday . she will give them his number . dannie from the 7seconds agency has already called lars .
it's melanie's grandma's birthday this saturday . melanie will be free on next saturday . sam's aunt is getting married in a month . sam and melanie will meet at st . laurent shopping centre at 10am on saturday .
oscar will be home in 20 minutes .
nora and jeff are going to have dinner tonight . clara and jerome will join them .
albert , owen , frederick and caleb are meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am . finlay isn't sure if he can come as he's been feeling a bit sick since yesterday .
inga found an article about one of the last uncontacted tribes living on north sentinel island . inga would like to make this tribe a subject of a project . pete and rachel are not sure there will be enough material to cover the topic .
tetty watched the game , washington and shelley didn't .
pietr and maria's mother are coming over to see maria's first house . they need to buy a gift on their way .
crescent insists on dack to tell him for whom he voted but dack refuses . he seriously cites a saying that one does not talk about politics and religion with one's best friends . this reaction surprises crescent , as he finds it more fitting towards a girlfriend .
amy is panicked about a positive result from the pregnancy test . tomorrow she will have a blood analysis . martin tries to calm her down . amy found a private clinic online and considers an abortion pill from them . she will have a usg to check if it's fine to take the pill . martin will assist her .
addison and matthew are going to montreal for the weekend . mom will take care of their kitty . addison will bring her on friday after work .
betty left her phone in the kitchen .
peter and tom are waiting for kate who is a bit late at burger king next to the railway station . there's a risk they'll miss the connection in antwerp due to a 25 minute delay caused apparently by an accident close to brussels .
jane sees a doctor on the 7th at 1 pm . rick agrees to take care for jess untill 4 pm .
brandon was in a hurry for school and forgot to take his keys . he will pop in his mom's office after school to pick up her keys .
cameron needs to move out by the end of the month as the flat's owner wants it back for her son .
kris is struggling with a paper for mcmillan , and so does alex . on the other hand , mindy finds it easy as she writes about her own work experience .
frank got a new job last week . ben is also looking for a new job . he is curious what opportunities the market can offer .
john will be late for the presentation he has with daniel . he should be there in 30 minutes .
franklin and ellie haven't seen each other for a little while . franklin invites ellie for a new years party with his work mates . ellie is not interested in going out with franklins colleagues , but would like to party with him . they will meet at 8 tonight .
lee will come to stan tomorrow morning and they will arrange some meal in town .
ulrich wants to bake a vegan cake for his girlfriend's birthday , but he doesn't know how to . hans' advice is to make a trial cake first .
amelia is excited about black friday discounts . unfortunately , jessica can't get what she wants , but olivia finds one interesting offer .
tess should bring some cookies to the party , no need to bring any alcohol as kaila has plenty .
jerry talked to mike against polly's will .
sam will buy some vodka and ice on his way to trevor . he will be at trevor's in around 10 minutes .
ollie's travelling a lot these holidays . she's been to luxembourg , germany and prague . the next stop is cyprus . right now she's in newcastle . rhona has one more year left of uni . she invites ollie to stop by in oxford .
pabulo fixed katherine's issue with skype .
jordan will return in 67 days . maci will make him his favourite cake then .
wendy and diana are going to throw a surprise party for pam . the event will take place at pam's . they will invite her close friends .
maria is in normandy right now . she sent grit a photo of the sunsets she enjoys watching . grit made sure she can come to normandy in august .
beth and renee are laughing at lisa's crop top .
dan and mia agree that there is is ci sono in italian .
alec baldwin has been arrested and charged with assault . he had a dispute over a parking spot . paula liked his parodies of trump . in response to alec's arrest trump shrugged his shoulders and wished him luck .
peter has shown mick a prank video . mick wants him to recreate the prank at home , but it is illegal .
louis got sacked because he got caught embezzling .
vanessa's pasta always clumps . claire recommends to rinse pasta in cold water . jessie's advise is to put some olive oil to the water .
it is martha's birthday . he got her tickets to the theatre as a present . martha is nervous because she does not know what to wear to the theatre . sally offers some advice .
according to matthew marihuana is unsafe , while rick heard otherwise . basia confirms that it's worse for mental health than lsd .
41 passed away .
kate asks kai and john to go to the gym with her . kai is reluctant , john agrees . kai also agrees . they will meet in half an hou at the bus stop . kate will bring kai's shower gel .
lizzy is upset by her uncle david's questions . polly wants to get drunk . mary is mad , but she likes the food . beatrice found her dad's a new boyfriend on tinder .
julietta , sherry and brenda didn't see eachother for a long time , so they will meet in a new bar called the star at 8pm on saturday .
liz will let philip know if she's going to come over for a weekend .
thomson wants sheila to come cleaning on a different day . sheila can't come on tuesday so thomson has to cancel but will pay a small refund .
alex has the stomach flu and can't come today .
tristan was arrested in his house on friday evening . he will be in jail with 5 other people until the trial . aurore's phone has been taken by the police so she hasn't received céline's messages .
there is a new girl called sheffield . she's pretty but seems inaccessible . elton will try to ask her out .
corina , peter and raphael are going to meet at the christmas market at the city hall at 8 pm .
charles is about to take off and has left the keys on the kitchen table .
vaden organises a party for little denis and invites the whole family .
tonight , nick and sara are going to cinema to see bohemian rhapsody .
justin hates college because people make fun of him . kin thinks it's not that serious .
samantha and margaret like the notebook very much . they both agree that the modern , more practical attitude towards love is better .
tomorrow ewa will meet with becky at selina to do the blog interview .
max didn't pick up his phone . he will call kate back .
jad will buy green beans and red apples on his way home .
eric will meet donna by her house at 3 and go to the gym together later .
christine is going back to sleep .
ken , damien and barry will go cycling on sunday even if it rains .
kevin needs a new phone and james will go with him to look at some phones at the mall in 2 hours .
esme has finished something she was working on for a long time .
martha did not take an umberall so nick offers to pick her up .
tomek and kasia intend to swap english and maths homework .
nathanael has to move back in the dorm .
gil and jennifer want to hang out at gil's place again .
the actress jada smith overshares her personal life .
ruby doesn't want to hear about their professor personal life but terry seems a bit curious .
kimi is having her pedicure done tomorrow . dan and chris do not understand the need to take care of nails .
mark needs to eat out tonight because sam is going to the hairdresser's ,
joel was confused in some of the games he tried recently . he was not confused in brutal legend . both jay and joel enjoyed it very much . they killed themselves there many times . the game has a metal soundtrack . jay has a dull saber close to his desk , so he's not afraid of zombies .
lacy is sending hot videos to aj .
paul has three hours for the plane departure .
henry will drop by jack's office in five minutes when he's finished something .
frida is a fan of the series narcos . olga also appreciates narcos but has only seen two seasons .
adele is sick . she went to the doctor but she refuses to take antibiotics .
john lost his car keys .
joe and karen are going to watch a movie at lynn's today .
lisa will buy skimmed milk on ollie's request .
tony and mark are exchanging christmas greetings .
beatrice will buy whatever iris paints .
frank lent joe 100 bucks till next week but needs it now . frank will try to pay him back tomorrow .
steven , sean and jeff are meeting at 9 am at jeff's hostel . they are going to the guggenheim museum . the hour is quite early for jeff , but he is motivated to visit the museum . steven and sean will not wait for him if he wants to sleep longer .
george is on the highway , probably in the state of montana .
matt and dilshaan were good friends last year . dilshaan added sophia on facebook although she doesn't know him . sophia won't add dilshaan on facebook unless she meets him in person .
caron and rob will train the charity's volunteer drivers . the charity will pay for the courses and it will attract more volunteers for the charity .
john wishes sue merry christmas . she reciprocates the wishes .
dom's father left for the us when dom was young and he only talked to his father once in the last 19 years . he has a daughter , but dom has never met her .
diego and alicia miss each other . alicia should be home in a week . alicia has to leave all the time to keep her job . diego doesn't like it .
leila , dave , alex , larry and desi are going to meet at larry's place to help him out with assembling the furniture .
julia is procrastinating instead of working .
it's thomas' 30th birthday . charlotte wishes him all the best and is happy about new challenges in the new year . she promises to write to thomas more often .
hannah can't meet with john tonight , because she feels sick .
peter does not want to go to cape verde because it's expensive . poppy thinks it's cheap .
ted and spud are playing a game today at 9pm . mick and zed are out , so there will be only 4 of them .
dylan didn't pick up nola . brandon was stopped by the police and dylan can't come to see her . nola will find a way for dylan to make it up for her .
barbara is coming to dad's birthday at around 5 p . m . charlie will be there but thomas won't make it .
scott will arrive on saturday and will miss his brother's recital on friday .
anna revealed scofield's secret to taylor and maria and maria told him anna did that .
marion is scheduled for 11 am and melani for 12 30 .
ann , agnes and kate will meet up between 11 and 12 and are all ready for the adventure . ann will bring a spare blanket and agnes will bring food for breakfast , ann for lunch , and kate for the barbecue .
tesla is at work but she prefers to be at home . kate suggested taking a day off tomorrow .
santi hasn't read the texts for elisa's seminar . simone just had a glance at it and didn't think they're worth reading . jan has read most of them and agrees with simone . santi is going to read the wikipedia entry on cultural heterogeneity and then take part in the debate .
lynda will have a job interview for a waitress position .
lucia is on her way for a bus .
roger will come to the service station at 6 pm tomorrow to buy 4 tyres for opel astra .
dory and sonia are going to a small concert next friday at 8 .
george filed the case against the land grabber . the first hearing is on 12 january . mike wants george's dad to attend it .
dana would like prof . lee to teach her on regular basis , because women should be given more voice in the academia . frederic prefers prof . jordan .
sam moved into the uni flat and christine updates jane on him .
angel , rifka and honey are going for a picnic .
joe and michelle are planning to rent a car from friday till tuesday and go to some thermal baths or hot springs . lilly will ask jeff if they want to come along .
there was a storm and linda lost power for about an hour . she was then cooking for her guests , so she had to finish on the gas stovetop . her guests got soaked trying to find her number .
monika is going to vote tomorrow but mark has some doubts . monika convinced mark to vote .
omar will come over in an hour to help with the kennels . jenny wants omar to bring his toolbox .
jayla will come downstairs to gage .
joel has tested with several flow meshes and the blue one seems to flow about twice as fast as the green one . chris got woven glass mesh that was stiff and didn't distort . chris's epoxy is 1500 cps so will probably get something thinner .
dex will bring a guitar to cynthia's party .
mike and bart are going to matthew's with a scooter at 5 30 . mike is too broke to get a taxi . paul broke mike's muffler and paul is supposed to fix it tomorrow .
abigail has just got a phone call and he cancelled . abigail and alex think it was very unpleasant .
larry and sally's kid has been behaving strangely . sally will talk to mick about it .
edward has found a bargain . they decide to buy with gracie .
lucas will be home in 20 minutes . lucas forgot to buy milk but he has bought toilet paper .
jim is looking for interesting modern architecture in new york . tom recommends guggenheim . hildegard recommends the oculus , the empire state building and brooklyn bridge .
clay hasn't told maya about kaya's scandal .
natalie sent a photo to kristen and dana . they compliment on the dress . natalie and kristen have problem with diary . dana hasn't .
sam is sick , he got a doctor's note and he missed the class .
matt is hungry but declines tina's offer of her leftovers of goat cheese as he does not like it .
frank and chrystal are planning a trip to the seaside for the long weekend .
alice , angela and heather are going to the concert on sunday . alice will drive them there . she hasn't seen heather for a long time . they're all going to meet at alice's place on sunday .
olivia's husband cooked delicious thai red curry . her friends compliment on a photo .
sebastian explains stanley why they didn't meet up with him .
cece didn't find the serum in the store . she'll look again or order it online .
jay is coming to lily's birthday november 15th for 3 4 days . jay will let emily know if he has time to meet them .
jo found a text about teenagers addicted to games . lou plays games everyday . daryl and jo think lou is addicted .
sarah left early . the meeting was postponed , as mary said . sarah will propose a date tomorrow .
nancy have finally read all of the harry potter books . both nancy and lilly don't believe that severus snape was good all along .
adam and mary haven't decided about their holidays yet . bus tickets to the alps are very expensive and the travelling time is long .
peter , hank and frank will meet at donnegan's at 7 15 .
reece has fallen from the stairs and he is bleeding . george will see lily and reece at children hospital .
ralph will create a facebook page for the event he's planning with nick .
kayla will land in sevilla at 6 . tiffany , alexis , bobby , logan , randy and tom will be waiting for her at the airport .
hal wants to know which present daphne would like for xmas , as last year she didn't appreciate hal's gift .
russ is depressed . russ and audrey will meet today and talk .
margareth is shocked by natalia's comment under her post .
jackie complains about the uncle george's party that she attended and her mother's behaviour . gabrielle's expecting a similar party due to her uncle's anniversary . tina suggests simulating a sickness but gebrielle's convinced it won't work .
charlie won't make it tonight as he has too much work . thomas reckons charlie is working too much or he's depressed . anne will be disappointed . thomas will talk to her later . thomas will see charlie tomorrow .
kristen and jay will study on sunday for their economics final exam in the library . it is their last final .
angela doesn't know how the heater works . mark will come home earlier and help angela with it .
lola's parents will be staying at home for the summer and don't mind lola coming over with the kids for about a week in mid july as her other plans got cancelled .
kim will get her schedule from school tomorrow and she hopes it won't be exhausting . she will visit mom at christmas time . april came to help kim organize things in her new place .
emil is at the festival . rosa will arrive at 3 pm . emil is doing some siesta . rosa checked in at the hotel . she is at the stage where tundra is playing , on the left side . emil is coming to her .
dean and toby are still working on their assignments .
jacob's going to viana do castelo . on his way he'll meet nathan and his wife for lunch . jacob and his wife learnt to speak portuguese . nick wants them to stay for the weekend in porto . jacob will ask sara about this .
michael will start working on parker's house next wednesday .
geston must pay off the principal and interest to cletus . cletus wants to receive the money for the interest until midnight , as geston's repayment day for the interest is of 25th every month .
jim made a decision without consulting pam . pam is angry with him .
jimmy warns nate not to watch the 100 on netflix . he watched the pilot yesterday and it's a teenage show , made by the same people as vampire diaries .
samuel is happy that he changed jobs because his life is not as stressful as it was prior to the change .
helen , marcus and george will eat at the canteen and go to the park after class .
julia wants to find out about mark's birthday . marks really liked it and got many presents and had a lot to drink .
kate is in town . tilda thought they would be there after 6pm . they will walk and eat something . tilda will join them as soon as she is free .
anna will sort the bathroom out on jack's request . jack will sort the payment out with gemma . anna wants chrome trims and grey grout . anna will leave the key for jack tomorrow .
jane was at the doctor , she is 7 months pregnant and she will have a boy . in a week she has her next appointment . the due date is at 29th of october , but she thinks it will be sooner .
justine's bluetooth speaker doesn't work very well . lawrence will take his own with him .
blair and dale explain to tiffany what vr is and its numerous applications .
caron wants jenny morris sharpei to take care of luna when caron is on a cruise . they arrange a meeting to catch up this evening , but in the end jenny morris sharpei comes over to caron's to try the new sunbed .
there will be an election soon and there are three days left to register . rob doesn't know who to vote for yet . alex knows who not to vote for . abi will do some research before she votes .
sebastian likes janet . she wrote him after a while . dave suggests sebastian asks her out before she is taken by someone else .
madalynn is sorry for raising her voice at jaxen .
boris has elena's insurance papers .
ruth is inviting elen over to drink some wine . elen can't come because of family issues . they are rescheduling the appointment for later .
henry , betty and petter are meeting , they'll have thai food instead of pizza .
trevor prefers beef burgers . perpetual is planning something but won't share the details .
lexie wants to swap her presentaion date . niko is the last one but she doesn't want to be the last . lexie will take may 5th and july will take april 4th .
daniel's very glad with a president because he cares about people . as proof of this , there's new tarmac put everywhere in their neighbourhood . the president won with more than 60 votes in the second round .
sally bought the train tickets for phoebe and ben . they'll depart from the main station on june 26th at 1 34 pm and arrive in bedford at 6 55 pm . they're both seated in car 15 seats 55 and 56 . they're retired so they got discounts .
jules , sim , shanon , kiri and anisha are going to have a night out on the 27th at 8 in the new cocktail place near the kaspa's . kiri can go too because tom is going to babysit .
gustavo sends jamie greetings from mozambique .
lindsay will buy onion for mike .
sarah and tony are hesitating whether to go to the gig on friday or not .
roger is organising a party on 8 of december . ann can't come because he is departing for america on 6 of december . roger would like to spend more time with ann . she will come back in january .
eric , tina and betty are meeting at 8 . 15pm .
rod and adella will compose a song together . they are both busy and rod will start first at the weekend .
denis will pop in to clark's . they're going to have a pizza .
niall and mike are planning a surprise party for tom's birthday next week . they are planning to put up decorations while tom's out of the house with susan and invite several people .
micky and warren are on holiday in mexico sending photos to nelly . he sent a photo of chicken itza maya temple . peter is in fr at rotary meeting . he travels alone . thomas is coming next week . he and peter will go to heidelberg .
aisha's dog was taken away by the pet control when he was walking outside , so lewis will contact his brother to solve to problem .
gabriel is having a baby . he is considering camille or ellie for the baby's name . gabriel will call jordan later . gabriel needs to reheat the dinner for marie .
david prepared a coq au vin for dinner for his wife jordyn .
mia and matilda are going to meet at the main gate .
john , nadia , victoria and peter had a reunion 2 years ago . nadia can only take a weekend off work . they will go to milan .
josh has finally agreed to go to the new club with ethan tonight . ethan is excited .
john needs three granny smith apples from the supermarket .
bob will go to auntie meg's and do shopping for her .
fantastic beasts the crimes of grindelwald is the movie from yesterday .
frank will skype lilah in 1 hour .
oliwia has just washed the dishes and is going to take care of her nails . anita has just eaten delicious spicy korean soup .
noah is going to the gym at 4 . jake can't join because he has something to do and he hasn't been at the gym long . joe will join noah .
carolina was sick but now that she got better she has a lot of work to catch up . however , at the beginning of march she would like to meet rachael . carolina might be pregnant .
miriam wants to do the econ assignment with luke . the deadline for the assignment is tomorrow . miriam will come to his place at 8 .
helen is going for a research trip . she is nervous , as she will miss her family and friends . jim promises to visit helen and reminds her to pack research material .
ellen wants abigail to buy 4 chicken boxes for matilde .
kim doesn't understand why she , lars and linda are supposed to pay mike more money . kim has already paid about 50 60 and 1500 .
mike is going to a singles event tonight and he begs steve to be his wingman . steven agrees .
mel will take the laundry from the yard before it rains .
emma says that hugh jackman will be at the restaurant this weekend .
tina hasn't read bryce's blog , as she doesn't like blogs and finds them boring . she reads mostly fanzines . bryce likes to write . tina takes videos . she'll send bryce a link to her instagram .
the play starts at 7 . matt , sylvia , karen and john have to be there at 6 . 40 the latest . matt will call café rotonde to book a table . karen won't be there until 6 , sylvia will try to be there at 5 .
they want to watch the continuation of fantastic beasts in the cinema .
dylan will not go caroling with bea this year .
lenny wants kevin to notice him on friday . lenny will let sue know how it went .
arthur and florence are going to buy some food for a dinner party . sheila and thomas are coming at 6 .
leila and diana are complaining about the expense of food . leila would like to go on the box diet but it's too pricey . diana is gonna do it next year .
dan will meet mike at the front gate where the dog is barking .
joanna and sabrina like both dresses but they like the blue one better . amber will go for the blue one as she only has money for one .
kelly forgot the office is closed because of the holiday . it should be open tomorrow .
florence will attend the christmas party . when chloe and kate learn that mike will come , they decide to come too .
addy and adam are going to look at a room for rent . they can check in there earlier but have to switch rooms midstay . the owner doesn't accept pets . adam's parents might be able to take cake of their dog , fluffy .
jordan is waiting for joe outside the pub .
mickey doesn't want to watch tv or listen to the radio anymore because of the commercial breaks .
emma doesn't want to change her mind . noah won't try to hold onto her .
jessica , sarah , david and chris plan to go skiing to switzerland .
tom is almost there . jim is ready , he'll put the shoes on and wait downstairs in 5 minutes .
new york used to be called new amsterdam but the british took over and renamed it in 1664 . the name probably comes from the fact that the land belonged to the duke of york . amy knows this because she is a tour guide .
john and charlene are supposed to meet . john has already arrived , charlene is in the uber , she'll be there in 5 minutes .
parker is pregnant . parker and cody want to invite their parents for dinner to tell them about the pregnancy .
steve goes to get breakfast , while nick takes a shower . steve has locked their key in the laundry room and they can't get in . steve is sitting outside the bakery . nick will join him .
tom has already watched season 3 of daredevil . he thinks it's the best marvel show . he hopes to watch some dc series later .
joseph needs advice . geraldine recommends oregano for spaghetti .
vince and chuck'll play fifa in an hour .
andreas recommends 'the last of us' game to tim , but tim has been busy with work lately . he might have some time this weekend , but he still hasn't finished 'god of war' .
megan is upset because she has put on 10 pounds in weight .
laura has just applied for a new job , but she's aware of the high competition .
jess isn't feeling very well , but hopes to be better tomorrow . pia moved a person from reservations to cover her shifts at work .
at the weekend emilia had to look after her younger sister . she also saw 'arizona dream' by emir kusturica . lucy has seen the film many times , it's one of her favourites .
jerry's phone is broken , so alexandra should text him here .
tom and chris haven't heard from jessie for almost a week . they suspect this is because of their jokes . they are going to wait .
leah had an accident . they won't give him the grant .
sean will be home in an hour .
eva didn't do the work assigned by damien because she was celebrating the birth of her boss' grandson all day yestarday .
wilson needs to buy a cheap suit . he needs it for work . scillia works in a cheapish store , she might help .
orbelina and hortensia are upset with kirie who claims to never have any money although she purchases a lot of items for herself . they are planning to confront her about the situation .
gary's new shoes broke , so he will return them . he laughed at helen , who returned her sweater yesterday . she helped him find the receipt .
larry wants to know if classes are cancelled tomorrow .
xavier broke his house key and he can't get into the house now . it's late to call the janitor or a locksmith . luckily , tyler's housemate used to work as a locksmith and he will be in xavier's place in 15 minutes .
stephanie is calling anabelle but anabelle's phone is on silent so she calls back .
arkia and marie have to get their stuff from the lockers . marie has already done it .
nancy wants to borrow kim's purple nail polish .
sabrina got an e mail today , with the offer to work as a form teacher starting september . sabrina is hesitating whether to accept the job , as she fears it can be too emotionally draining for her .
mariana hasn't signed up for the conference .
caron got a photo of bessie's 5 babies from jenny . bessie is a good mum and didn't need any help . jenny was up all night and is very tired . caron wants to help out but there's no need .
nathan is doing his homework now . he has a math test tomorrow . nathan will play fortnite online with caleb tomorrow .
there is a party tonight in red lion . diana and helen will be there after 10 . diana is going to see a movie first and helen needs to work .
ken is mad at him because he did not pay him the last two months . he wants to get a lawyer but is afraid it will cost a lot .
becka attended cannes festival . becka is fit .
gina's pregnant , but neither her nor jack are happy about it . jack was thinking about dumping gina .
jared is bringing joel the bag . joel will pick it up downstairs .
pete met sam at joy's and now wants to have dinner with her . sam doesn't like indian food but fancies italian . sam will see pete on friday at 8 at trattoria d'andrea , birmingham street .
jim is by the gate c , which is left to the main car park .
in the pictures michael looks taller than them and than he really is . he also looks drunk .
amalia looks for somewhere to eat in dublin . helen recalls some places at temple bar , while ryan tells amalia about a couple of bars at smithfield square ; neither of them has been to dublin recently though .
chris has a problem with one of macros in his excel file . peter has a lot to work on , he will help chris during the weekend . chris will send him the file .
casper is postponing the party to january 15th . he also plans go skiing a drinking with his brother . stanley can't come because he is broke . he had a car accident and needs to repair the car with his own money .
wendy and diana are planning a surprise birthday party for pam . they are going to invite some guests over to pam's and let them in after she goes out to a shop .
maggie overslept . she is going to be late for work but will come on time for team meeting .
rob will bring some cables in 15 minutes to help start jim's car .
jacob has a fever that might last 4 5 days , according to the doctor . audrianna had such a fever once and suggests a cold compress , staying under the blanket , and sleeping a lot . jacob is feeling itchy . audrianna thinks pills might help to get him to sleep .
susan forgot to take her scarf out of the washing machine . five of john's originally white shirts are now pink because of that . nathalie offers her a product that she used when she ruined her white summer dress .
ronnie is in tesco and there's a discount for georgia's dad's favourite coffee . he will get 5 packs for her , and some chocolate cookies .
robert wants to organize a family meeting on saturday . he thinks he and emily should talk to their kids , especially to martin , who's going to have a car soon .
angela merkel is again popular in germany . the integration of the refugees goes well . they have a positive impact on the economy , as henning reports . merkel is an eu supporter . there is a successor of merkel in her party .
shawn has booked a single room on the ground floor for four nights from 3 till 6 may . he will pay rs . 1500 per night .
daniel doesn't consider hanukah an equivalent of christmas . people don't get gifts for hanukah in israel . they light candles and eat donuts . children get coins and play dreidel .
rick has received christian's text last night , but has not responded . christian and rick will meet tonight at harry's place .
there's a fire , probably in the area of jo's old house .
ruby and zoe do not trust people who seem to be too happy .
margaret and samantha both saw the notebook and both loved it .
tommy has an idea for a new larp . it's about witches . there would be 2 factions , one of them possessed by demons . sarah suggests adding a third faction of demon hunters . sarah and connor will help tommy write it . aidy is busy with her own project .
tom wishes laura happy brithday .
jason broke up with michelle yesterday and now she's depressed . liz will text michelle tomorrow and try to offer her going to the movies together with ashley . if she doesn't want to go out , all three of them will watch netflix .
pete will join aly for dinner tonight at her place at 7pm . they'll eat chickpea curry . pete will bring a bottle of white wine .
bo and mom have potato soup for dinner .
bridget's grandma has passed away and steve wanted to inform matt about it .
ann saw the crimes of grindelwald yesterday . ann thought the movie was okay , but liked the first part better .
tim doesn't know which idea they will choose regarding the project he and caro talked about yesterday one idea is to choose a location and record it with an iphone .
max has got a new number .
dad will send dan some money .
gavin will borrow bridget's car . he will go to bath and come back tomorrow evening .
aidan has just started learning to play the guitar . he's looking for some easy songs to play . kevin and wes offer him various pieces of advice for beginners .
adam has just taken the algebra final exam . there were 15 questions . they concerned quadratic formula , absolute value inequalities and exponentials . samuel wants to take the exam next week .
matt is being transferred and he's leaving in mid june . he will get a company car and and they will pay for his apartment . he will have no friends or family there , so he will have the time to join the gym . matt and pat will meet next week for a beer to say goodbye .
last night joaquin was at a barbecue party at his boss's house , where he got drunk .
blaze destroyed a picture by accident . blaze will buy agnes a new one .
samuel is two stops away . frida will be waiting inside .
the show is starting . patty will join bella soon .
sam and the others have been waiting for sam for an hour .
lucy and jenny will join tom and patricia for a hike to mount karthala tomorrow . they will camp overnight on the slopes . the meeting is tomorrow at 6 30 at tom and patricia's place . they will have a breakfast on the go .
lizzy and linda are going to go to the spa at the weekend .
the old court is being renovated so jeff and jason meet at the new one at 5 45 for the practice .
alex's parents are arguing a lot , so he thinks they'll divorce . he heard his mom shouting at his dad and claiming she'll divorce him . mel parents argue all the time , too .
helen will consider coming over april's and working out together .
the lady is interesting , has potential , and might have many contacts . zach will probably give her a chance .
wade and hooper are going to a metal concert in the underground on saturday . reginald might join them . bromley and alberta don't like this kind of music . alberta's brother used to play metal 20 years ago .
annabeth dropped her phone , the screen is cracked , she broke her heel and she was late to work , somebody spilled coffee on her presentation and there was no copy of it . she convinced the client for a higher price but was accused of not being professional . nico will meet her in an hour at her place .
hilary and gina are planning to go to a free make up tutorial at the mall on thursday at 6 .
anastasia has just launched a new line of products and began a campaign .
laura and denis will meet at the restaurant .
mia and angela are meeting for a soccer practice tonight at 7 . alfred and nathan will be there , too , whereas brad and inga won't make it .
william , ted and raul really liked the event . there was a lot of relevant info . raul was live tweeting . ivy's going to retweet everything .
mike and jess wanted to take training in english . they needed a group of about 10 people , but it was unlikely to happen . eventually , they will have a training on wednesday at 3pm .
melania is going to stay at caroline's place tomorrow . she will let caroline know when she arrives .
monica invited best friends on 7th of december to discuss the organization of the wedding , which is in may .
sean and mico are waiting for carol at the statoil but she isn't there .
courtney and liz haven't been to sapir whorf hypothesis lecture , while tracy has . after courtney asks for tracy's notes , tracy suggests notes from an older class .
ali's not been feeling well recently . he has no time for exercises because he's been studying all the time . bassy advised him to do exercises on regular basis to feel better .
mark and matt are going to peter on foot because they missed the last metro .
jan and eric are tired of brexit . they have different attitude towards leaving the eu . they agree that may's deal is unprofitable , because it offers fewer benefits . sid voted to stay .
kate and john confess that they love each other . they do not want to continue this conversation on messenger and will meet tomorrow .
cindy's dog got sick . vet will come tomorrow to check it .
jordan is on his way to the airport . noah missed his train because of a fire and might not make it there within 2 hours .
harry can't meet trevor today because he is going with his dad to pick up a new ford mondeo . it has taken his dad three months to choose it .
mel didn't pass the exams . on march 5 mel will have dinner with friends from painting club and on march 6 she will meet with victor and his girlfriend . mel is also planning to meet up with jane . jane's friends are coming for the weekend .
cathie and sara are too busy with work to meet tonight . they will meet on saturday at 9pm .
martin goes to visit his parents and grandma for christmas .
monica has seen 'grace and frankie' . she likes jane fonda and is impressed by her looks .
stephen tried to bake a cake , but forgot to add baking soda . the cake looks bad .
jane is going to turkey for holiday .
michael's not going to be with her anymore as she cheated on him .
alex wants to go surfing soon , but gery , eric and kate took the car to go to town .
the classes are cancelled today , because dr morty is sick .
julian is looking for adriana and harvey . they will meet there in 5 minutes .
paul is upset because he was ghosted after three dates .
risa is worried about jack's health . he had concussion and has to get some rest . risa wants him to call her if he needed anything .
emma insists that william calls him by his name and he promises to comply .
jose is still on t55 and he may be late for brahms with jean .
simon is learning a lot at his new corporate job . he took his girlfriend to norway for her birthday . bella just got back from italy .
juan along with seven thousand other people is walking a thousands miles on foot to the the united states . juan is looking for americans he could visit .
samantha will watch a movie with lady gaga soon .
ellie , jay , katie and monica need to buy a wreath for the funeral . katie , ellie and jay would like to buy a wreath found by jay . however , monica doesn't like the violet flowers in it . jay will call the florist in the morning and ask if they can replace the violet flowers .
claire will visit phoebe after her hairdresser appointment .
hunter has been to the cinema today . he saw looper . the movie is about time traveling and killing people .
ada is in the mountains in switzerland , but she's not hiking .
robert and alison will talk later at home about harper's weird behavior .
anthony broke his phone's screen a month ago and he did it again . anthony wants joshua to tell their mom because he's the older one .
elaine's baby has grown 5 cm and is stretching . she will send page a scan later .
valerie had to stay longer in bologna because of invalid tickets . now she is going back to turin through milan . edward is going back to amsterdam next month .
john will not bring iris the charger . iris is too lazy to do it herself .
andrew is going to the lecture today . olia , andrew and agnieszka will take an exam in two weeks .
mike will sleep in adam's tent . they need sleeping bags , something to cook on and some food . adam is taking his guitar and mike will take some board games .
hervé is not waiting for julien as he considers it too long a wait . he is going to school now .
stanley wants to change booking details and book a smaller room because his wife won't bring a dog . stanley will be provided with the available options very soon .
allison left her car keys with a heart shaped charm at gianna's house , so she's going back .
kate and her family are adopting a puppy , probably a labrador .
ann is preparing lunch and invited dan to join . john called sarah and confirmed that she will come as well . john , dan , sarah and ann will meet at 2 pm for lunch and dessert .
jakub wants to go home , but he doesn't have keys . piotr thinks their parents went to spa . anna is not at home . piotr will be back in an hour .
agatha is at tesco's and will buy eggs and muffins .
barbie just came back from the sauna . she was there alone . george is going there now .
chris has work to do . lucy has her hairdresser at 5 . natalie is going to wear a little black dress as tom will be there .
smith ate pizza today at bun n cheese
lilly went to lindsay's birthday party , which was great . however , lindsay didn't like the maroon purse she got from her boyfriend .
yuki , nobu and sasuke discuss the new gits cast , which includes scarlett johansson .
eva got a nice sweater from benjamin's mother .
sam won't be able to meet pam because he has to stay at work .
chanel is visiting kat on saturday . she will be in rzeszów at 12 30 . kat is arranging a pick up for her . kat is sick at home with the kids .
alianna is annoyed with princeton because he keeps pushing her to have a blog although there are many pages on the subject .
nelly is grateful to gina for saving her from madness .
a pizza guy delivered a pizza to pages lane address instead of pages street .
the clients linda brought today didn't get what they expected and were dissatisfied . william and linda's company is in developing stage .
alex gives mike sandra's phone number .
the secret of vicente and lucy's happy marriage is communication .
there's a board game night at fiona's at 8 . paul will bring talisman and settlers of catan . citadels will be played .
iga has created a cloud document . emil and paul will upload their parts there . the slides are not yet organized .
elena works on the second floor in the room number 221 .
stanley thinks he left his headphones in the practice room . after jamie searches for them , stanley finds them in his bag .
gareth got caught cheating in the exam .
jack lived in honduras . jack is in europe now . honduras is not safe and has one of the highest homicide rates in the world .
piotr is having a walk with his grandma . jeremy will meet her next time he visits .
matt is coming at 8 .
lucy is looking for a car . she found one listed at 7 . she is interested in paying cash and negotiating the price .
the exam is scheduled for thursday , 7th april , most probably in the afternoon . nathalie needs to hand in an assignment before it . the second floor of the library is going to be inaccessible for the entire week starting on monday , so the students have only tomorrow to check out the books they need .
rebeca and thomas are travelling , right now they are in bangkok . rebeca is ecstatic about the journey .
gloria will visit uncle tom , because he has birthday . they will talk about gloria's breakup with her boyfriend . she will come at 4pm .
ash thought she just saw misty in main market , but misty is at home now .
lin wants to talk to samuel , but he's very tired and refuses .
dora helps mira with feeding her cat .
jack is going to the cinema with his lady for the valentine's day and suggest jack should spend some time with his lady , buy her flowers or chocolates .
gino took petula's car and it almost ran out of gas .
jamie likes the music tyrion shared yesterday . tyrion knows it from audioriver .
frank really likes the phone covers nicholas is showing him .
steve got there with family about 3 . rob will stop at 2 places to get food for the family . they want to eat about 6 6 . 30 . they want rob to bring pizza and chinese food . rob and steve will go to a pub tomorrow .
martin wants to buy 300 shipping shoes . paula is threatening to break up with him if he decides to do that .
louie will be late as he got stuck in traffic . leon is almost there . isadora is already there and will look for a table .
lynn got knocked up . she thinks adrian's the father . she's out of her mind . lake is meeting her tomorrow .
dan bought a monotonous thatcher's autobiography at one pound with some useless informations .
alice wants to know if she doesn't overburden her children with chores . ben's and poppy's children have similar chores . the children enjoy helping and it boosts their self esteem .
toby and lucy wanted to go on a double date with alice and luke tomorrow , but they'll have to go alone , because alice and luke are going to see alice's parents .
andy is sorry he yelled at laura . he ordered sushi an bought a bottle of wine .
fedora sees fiona's photo of her and carson and finds out they were dating .
tim feels sorry for peter . peter thanks tim for his support .
emma owes farah some money and she's going to send it back today .
jonah is watching a cat documentary .
the results of dave's ct scan were good .
neither frank nor josh read the manuals before working with a new software . frank has a few book projects drafted . both frank and josh play computer games . frank wants to limit gaming in favour of writing . josh doesn't think playing games is a waste of time .
janice can't picture herself at the rally but she thinks they cannot keep quiet . emmie will text janice the details of the rally .
fabian and martin's friend , shelly , broke up with jeff because he was too interested in baseball and beer .
kiersten will buy all 10 of philip's psychology handbooks . he agreed to give her a 10 discount . she'll have them delivered in about 3 days by regular post .
natalie is running late .
leah and mason will see at 3 to go over a new machine . there will be ed too .
theresa quit after a big argument with john .
chris has arrived at his house and will go to sleep . he and adam will talk tomorrow .
ryanair changed their bag policy . adding a bag both ways is expensive . lisa will show amy how to pack efficiently .
alvin's sent bert the data in order to make the bank transfer for the rent this month .
jean , georgia and dana are going out tonight . jean has booked a table at henry's for 9 . georgia will have to be back home before midnight .
mary is running late .
johnny hasn't seen quentin's last movie yet .
theresa is leaving soon . maria asks for 5 more minutes . doris will go there by car because it's faster .
damon will send back a form file to ursula , after he updates his details .
dale is looking for a piano tutor for his daughter . bennett thinks she's too young . casey's sister went to a music school so she will ask her if she knows someone .
kate and lucy dream about having cats . unfortunately , lucy's sister is allergic to cats while kate's sister prefers dogs .
jude feels lonely . she is over her boyfriend . she is not keen on popular ways of finding the next partner , neither going to parties , clubs nor on blind dates . robin is being helpful and empathetic .
angeline made a cake for carol's birthday . she will send the recipe to sandy .
celia is weak because of the stomach flu and doesn't want to see anyone .
armstrong , benton and hayley will probably go on some event together . benton will ask mon and let them know .
valentin lives in toulon not far away from mattie's mother and emily . mattie passed emma the contact to his mother and encouraged that her son visit her .
josh and janice are going to the cinema on saturday to see a horror movie .
linda and sam are in laos . it's very cheap and there are less tourists than in thailand . they're in vang vieng . yesterday linda dyed her hair red for 10 . there were a lot of gawkers .
carrie got stuck on the motorway for two hours on her way home because of an accident . james went for dinner to henry's and left the children with a babysitter .
rick wants to see venom , but lenny and thomas don't think it's good despite they haven't seen this movie .
amber looked stunning during her prom . sophia loves amber's new high heels .
joseph and his girlfriend split more than 2 weeks ago .
maria will test her new foundation at saturday's party .
greg was challenged by kelly not to eat meat for a week and he hesitates if he'll make it . erwin gives him his support and greg accepts the challenge .
paul is going to brazil for 5 weeks in february . he will visit tom when he's in bahia . he will travel mainly in the north east . his return ticket cost 650 eur .
dagna sends nadine a video of her cat and dog teresa .
annie , kathryn and susan are going to meet . annie will be late , so kathryn will take a table for them .
buck is almost packed for the hiking trip . buck and mary will pack hiking boots . the weather might not be good during the trip . buck and mary will see each other tomorrow .
rosa is coming to meet berta at their shopping mall .
shonda will bring evangeline's jacket to work .
eva is spending her birthday at alton towers with her friends .
jayce can't go to emily's match tomorrow , because he will be on a shift .
siena will buy soy milk and some bread for bobby and galina on her way home .
gaby suspected that jessie is not studying right now . jessie admitted that she is watching how i met your mother on netflix .
luke needs the pics from his and lily's last shoot on the beach for an art project and lily will send them in about four hours as she's on the train now .
paula is leaving at 7pm . linda is waiting for her .
dora will come to her hometown this afternoon to meet with her family .
karen will be 15 minutes late , because she missed her bus . it is really cold outside , so natalie will be waiting for karen in some restaurant and let karen know where she is .
ada and evelyn enjoyed the pyjama party at matilda's . they are doing it again december 14th as matilda's parents are going somewhere .
lisa's birthday party on saturday is cancelled because she is sick . daniel will get back to zoe regarding next saturday .
chris' father can't pick him up from the train station because he's working , but chris' mother will arrive in 20 minutes and she will drive him home .
there was a bonfire at the party and someone decided to jump over it . chris was drunk and ended up dressed up as a girl .
zara will go skating with dexter , jack , george , emily and maybe molly on the weekend . zara will rent skates at the rink .
lindsey complains about her stressful job . eveline advises she take a holiday . lindsey's boss wouldn't let her do it due to busy period .
casper was drunk last night and left the electric pad on for the whole night .
irwin is considering moving to wendani . lampard is excited and wants to help him find a house .
gracie's grandparents are coming to dinner tomorrow .
sylvia wants to know how to seduce a guy in the cinema . laurel thinks she should try to cuddle him .
logan did the online checkout yesterday and he paid extra for the seats to sit next to penelope .
alex has a problem with his credit card . there is a charge on the balance slip that he did not make . it is 15 for a birthday cake that alex didn't buy . steven promises to solve the problem within 7 days .
shaz made a good impression on caron's family . he gave caron chocolates and wine .
maola worries that her son does not speak at the age of over 12 months . according to ontina , she shouldn't worry , and she can try different language development methods .
diana will call peter in 20 minutes .
mum isn't feeling well , so peter will check up on her after work . anna will pick up the children . they won't wait for peter with dinner , he will reheat in the microwave . peter will call anna on the way home .
zoey and nina are packing for a trip . nina needs to make a list .
lorelai and emily will meet for the protest at 3 next to costa coffee . they are going to use posters , eu flag and a trumpet .
wagner and madeline will have lunch .
ivy shared a good song with iris .
grant will write an essay on topic 2 or 3 . he will need to do a lot of research . hugh is going to take the test . he'll study a little and then go to sleep . he passed other exams like this .
emily met clive stevenson at the dry cleaner's . clive has recently found out that he has cancer and doctors are choosing some treatment for him . clive is married with one kid .
mark has sold almost all of his furniture .
don is not showing to alfred as online . don will check the settings .
otto will be out next saturday , so craig will take his dog for a walk . otto will give him the keys to the apartment tomorrow around lunchtime .
mikaela doesn't know how long the synthesis needs to be . jules and raf wrote only one page . raf will submit his first to check if it's all right .
on wednesday jeff , mike and martyna will go to the cinema for adults that is close to poznanska and hoza street .
juliet has a hangover . maggie thinks juliet should drink a lot of water and eat something .
tim parked inside the premises .
kelly is not going out tonight because she is tired after studying until late last night . she and louis have their final exams soon . their professor has gone on vacation so he can't help them .
kyle is having issues with his digestive system and is feeling drowsy . samantha invites him to her clinic tomorrow at 1800 for a check up .
sharon is in port au prince and it's 6 pm in her time zone . susan is going to bed .
in jackie's opinion , mia should take the black bag .
lisa is worrying about john's behavior as he's been cold to her . she's afraid he may be cheating on her .
two fishermen working near the coast of costa rica fell asleep and started to run adrift . they would have been lost on the sea without help of the empress of the seas' crew that found them on the course for jamaica .
jim and frank have no money to travel to the countryside this weekend . ester has a lot of money but has different priorities . she has a new lover and wants to spend time with him . they're going to meet for lunch instead .
the list of bills which is outside the department , on the notice board .
sarah is at moncloa waiting for the bus . she should arrive in 15 20 minutes . ricardo is already in the café .
lilly will see prison break with adam and adam at adam's home .
nancy gina , bob , zara , and will congratulate amber on passing her driving test today .
nancy will visit her parents after work . due to an accident in the area of queensboro bridge she will have to leave earlier and find an alternative route .
enzo is meeting dad next weekend . they will go to a football match and for lunch burger or kebab . enzo knows some good places . he would like to get his ps4 . he will get it when he starts doing better at school .
susan cut her hair and wants to dye it auburn . mia has an app which allows to check out different hair colors .
rodney doesn't like the new iphone because it's expensive and there's no headphone jack . he has a huwaei mobile phone . jon is a fan of apple and keeps his data in the cloud .
there was a fight on a fb group chat between girls , concerning details for alice's surprise party . three girls , whose idea of organizing male stripper was rejected , started calling others names .
peter's father behaves in an unusual way . peter's father was a soldier and fought in afghanistan . jenny doesn't know what ptsd is .
jenny haven't arrived to stockholm yet . they decided to stay for a few days in mariehamn . tom suggests aland islands .
micahael has a kawasaki . he probably got it as a present from his uncle because he can't afford a kawasaki .
janet and dennis didn't make it on time to pick elliot up from school . sam took him home with him . sam is borrowing a 2x3m carpet from janet for saturday . mike will pick it up about 8pm .
jake is at patrick's and is not answering his phone so ms . flint is looking for him .
caroline can't believe seeing the article jerry's just sent her .
emily has just begun her phd studies . she is already disappointed by the lack of immediate results . brianna and emily will have a coffee on sunday .
georgia is tired , but she cannot go to sleep . georgia is having dinner with her supervisor at 7 . 30 .
brett kisses his dog publicly .
skyrim's discount is 65 .
roger got a stilton from mandy , who won it in a cheese tasting competition at christmas party . in a three round competition , mandy guessed all the cheeses , but got a second place after dan .
barbara just got married . marton send her wedding photos . they are meeting up later today to keep celebrating .
carol thinks there's a ghost in her house , she hears some noises and when she goes to check , there is no one there .
patricia met a refugee in belgium who had a very tough life . laura feels sorry for what happened to the woman .
sarah and connor are going to invite 6 or 7 people over to a party on saturday , to give them wedding invitations .
manuel and sopie are in london eynjoying tate modern at the moment .
before school pick up , elsa will take alex swimming . isis can't join them because sally is going to bed soon and has a bad cold . alex is only napping every other day . elsa and isis will see each other later .
andrew got the job and is meeting with gala to celebrate it with a drink .
anastasia asks harmony to have a meal a bit later today .
dave might pass by to say hi tomorrow around 11 am . dave will see mike later .
neither kim nor adam know what they're getting for christmas . jackie made a list as a family tradition .
mike is preparing lunch . elena will be home in 15 minutes .
dylan had fed fluffy before he left for work .
sophie is responsible for cigna insurance . elisabeth is flying to the us for two weeks , and she is not sure whether the insurance covers her there . elisabeth will follow sophie's advice , and ask cigna herself .
rose is at st . martins hospital because of her appendix . cane is about to go there .
vicki's friend is looking for a freelance journalist . terry is looking forward to working there . terry will email louise to know more about conditions of employment . terry and vicki will meet at the italian place at 1 pm tomorrow .
olaf wants to move out from his parents . eric and mason wants to do it as well . alec isn't sure if he wants to move out but he'll go with the guys to look for an apartment . olaf suggests to check the craigslist .
jeff and ciara will wait in front of the supermarket tomorrow at 6 .
ann li has a plumber coming tomorrow morning .
monica gives chelsea her warsaw dentist's contact details .
as usual , finn and ryan will go out on friday night . finn wants ryan to work with him but he says no .
lautaro is going to have a few drinks in palermo and go for 'egyptian nights' party . dan , pablo and lautaro will meet at niceto club around 10 .
mary worked on a project with a boy today . she is nervous around him .
tanya is worried about her new dream job and her boss's expectations . cinthia advises her to be more relaxed and not to get discouraged by failures .
arnold talked to tom last night about the current situation at the apartment . michael explains that he's been having problems lately and promises to care more about the flat . they agreed to talk all together tonight .
willow and ian don't understand the rules of cricket .
ann is going sightseeing tomorrow in brooklyn . tom recommends the brooklyn historical society and greenwood hight .
clara's hungover . she will sleep and text marvin later .
christian will help chris to repair kitchen pipes in an hour .
betty can't come today .
jasmine will countersign alex's passport photos . ruth will bring the photos to her tomorrow after the school run .
pat will again borrow starting leads from chris and kate .
prompted by ronald , julia will visit the garage today at 3 pm , coming by the agency .
tom , barack and john are going to join the group tonight .
jessy suggests to postpone the visit at the waterfall as it's raining .
lorry cannot meet with dawn because she is cleaning .
maria has been putting unusual posts on facebook regarding diet . maria has tried to sell pills to audrey , but audrey wasn't interested .
amanda's favourite tv series was about a single mother who worked as a spy . amanda used to watch the brady bunch and roseanne . she also watched gilligan's island but she did not like it that much .
liam and tony had a terrible day . liam is going to drink bourbon and smoke marijuana . tony is going to sleep .
jane got bored by the new lars von trier movie trailer .
poppy and tommy are about to pick up dylan and daisy to go out .
jose invited joseph and donald for dinner after completing a project . jose , joseph and donald will meet in club cafe at 8pm . donald will bring terry . jose has a special budget for that kind of events .
ethan has suggested to alexander that madison has a crush on a professor .
martha spends thanksgiving with her family by the lake as every year . robert's family always argues and then don't talk to one another for months .
mia is going to chichicastenango . she saw many pictures of it on instagram . ignatio doesn't support the idea , but nacho does . he advises her to see the market and iglesia de santo tomás .
mwangi wants maina to keep calm and trust him .
jane and lori worked effectively together . lori wants to join jane's team . jane will ask her boss if it's doable . lori will ask hers . lori finds her current team's assignments too easy .
dennis will be at don's in half an hour . he will buy some alcohol on his way .
omar and julien intend to go to a private concert in paris next month to see the new marseille rapper . omar is playing games at home and waiting for his new girlfriend he picked up in a club last week . his relationship with sandra ended three months ago because she was crazy .
saul owes chandler 5 dollars for one drink from yesterday . he will get chandler a round next time .
nancy ran into lance at the mall today . nancy and tara met lance last year at gaby's party . nancy and lance are going out for a coffee next week . nancy and tara will talk later , as nancy has things to prepare for tomorrow .
the mosque is behind the old cafeteria .
luke needs a lawyer as his employer won't cover the damages of his professional laptop . marvin's uncle is a lawyer , so he'll ask him if he can take care of it or if he can recommend someone .
the constructors are looking for david . he will meet them in 5 minutes .
howard has a spare ticket to the hockey game at the arena tonight . nick is going to meet howard and his friends in an hour at howard's place .
brad will meet helene at the library in 5 minutes . he's been there working .
nadine wants robert to vacuum the place today . robert would rather do it tomorrow morning but it might wake nadine up .
abigail is expecting a letter from noah but the post is taking very long to deliver . she needs it soon and noah will make a complaint if it hasn't arrived in the next few days .
aaron is a couple of rows away from georgina in a theatre . they will meet during the intermission .
clarisse enjoyed their visit to blainville . ben stayed at home with mary but he will go with them next time .
karen has changed her job recently . she wants to meet with sandy next week .
ted will let vlad and stan know about his interview tomorrow .
harry is waiting for laura . she is getting prepared for their meeting .
jane had to take a different route home because of an accident and found a kitten . she named him charles . francis wants to see the kitten soon .
peter haven't slept well . peter and rebeca are meeting at 8 .
ian wants to know where his mum is . ian's mum went to mary and will be back about 6 pm . ian mentions to his dad mike he needs her help .
meg needs the name of marge's hand cream . marge sends meg a picture of it .
edgar wants to order a pizza . sergio wants him to pay for it .
gina is reading becoming by michelle obama , noah fantastic beasts and ian the here and now habit . harry is listening to an audiobook mythos by stephan fry . kelly is reading pride and prejudice and then crime and punishment , toby cure by robin cook , bill past tense by lee child .
treasure 01 from th mountain pass is a random item . when stunned , a figure can't act .
tina doesn't know if she wants to do anything tonight as she's tired .
linda went to a blind date organised by lia . she liked it . her date was cute and clever , he is working as an architect . they exchanged numbers .
helen is going to try to sing sinatra on karaoke .
pete has a family birthday and he can't come to ida's place .
clive is going to the party tonight . john will also be there .
malia and colby don't have prom partners yet . colby is going to ask edward on malia's behalf .
karen will come with grace to look at wedding dresses on saturday . they'll meet at 10 am and go to the 12th street , then have lunch around 2 pm .
patrick loves the game . mike read the summary . he wants to borrow the game from patrick and so does joey .
juanita saw trey singing on a tv show .
daniel is a member of the parent teacher association . he is buying gift for teachers this year . no sweets and personal stuff is allowed . gift vouchers , books , plants , pens and notebooks are allowed .
harry's birthday is on saturday and he is throwing a little party . if olivia does not go to belgium , she will let harry know .
jake is baby sitting today . larry will come over in 10 minutes .
there are some works being done at kaz's house .
louis will buy painkillers for emma's migraine .
laura saw lorenzo at tesco today .
maureen called in sick and julie's looking for someone to cover for her . karen can't do it .
kev can't go to the gym as it's too soon , and he will work on the computer instead .
james's angry at ivy , because of the way she talked to tracy .
josh , leo and abby are done with shopping today , and will try again tomorrow .
john and kate will eat pizza for lunch at 1pm .
jeff , pat , kelly and norman are finishing the task .
ana is spending her evening in ritz . derek , sarah , lucy and drake expressed their recognition .
henning was on a trip to kyrgyzstan . he took a picture on pamir highway and set it as the wallpaper on his desktop .
june is going to spend only 2 days with her family for christmas . her holidays are shorter now that she is working . june is vegan and will not eat any sugar during christmas .
kate , daniel , frank and julia are discussing 'games of thrones' . frank , unlike kate , doesn't like the romance of jon snow and daenerys .
aioli offer a lunch for 1 pln on black friday .
bishop found ellison's cap that she had left the other night .
henry was sitting alone waiting for jennie and a girl sat next to him . jennie is angry with henry about it .
david , emma and rob are meeting at meat bread .
it's snowing . carter and olivia are meeting tom and susan for a dinner out .
annie will come at 8 . caroline will buy wine and ice cream . caroline has just received a scholarship .
beth and jade have some trouble signing up for classes , but the it guy ignores their e mails for help . jade will go there tomorrow to see him . beth and jade might skip the class tomorrow as they didn't do the homework .
frank and mike will probably go to the cinema to watch ocean's on saturday afternoon .
mike gives tom dr ostrovsky's number 563 893 692 .
joelle is working on a difficult translation and needs sara to take a look .
ben and susan will meet at the mensa at 5 for a coffee . teresa can't have a break . she has too much work to do .
tomorrow , sandra will pick up the purse that she left at brayden's place .
jenna has just finished her breakfast . holly is on her way to work . lebron is in his bed .
tim , jamie and hal are flying to frankfurt tomorrow .
ben will be late 15 minutes .
joe started watching the polish series 1983 on netflix yesterday and finds it weird . steven doesn't know it .
angel doesn't feel well . ballomy will come to angel in 10 minutes . angel will be dead in less than 6 months .
sabine sent a message to the wrong person . frankie pranked sabine , but sabine found it very funny .
jane will watch american psycho .
james will bring a work friend for drinks with lila at nag's head about 8 .
ree enjoyed lady gaga's new movie . bryce doesn't fancy dramatic movies . bryce prefers car chases and gun fights . bryce is going out with ree tonight .
lilly , andrea and molly will go to work to the partk on thursday .
rayan is in japan for a business trip . he recently met with chloé at zara after 3 years of not seeing each other . they want to meet again .
nora found out on the internet that she's lactose intorelant . oliver told her to see a doctor .
quanda and dodson will go to israel .
karen is fed up with the noise outside her apartment . anthony feels sorry for karen .
mike doesn't know zafon's new book the labyrinth of ghosts .
greg will open the door for katie in 5 minutes .
siofra had her first day of school .
gary's ferry is at 5pm . he will come at 8 . 30 circa . the ferry goes to naranjo port . eric will join gary on the ferry .
john was asked for his id in tesco . caroline dreams about that happening to her . ella didn't like when it happened to her .
margaret is down with what she suspects to be pharyngitis and can't come tonight . charles thinks she might need an antibiotic .
jeff didn't vote during the meeting . they won't fire the whole department according to alexis .
emelia and jack both got a in robotics .
phoebe has a new blog post about dogs .
jennifer and kate found out that the split up with him .
bernice is bill's little sister . bill is doing fine at school , it ends next week . bill will buy something to eat for bernice .
lassie had a snorkeling mask from lawrence . his dad didn't use it , because it doesn't fit .
rob is going to be a dad . delia only met him in shrewsbury once . he is very private and a bit soft but a good listener of ideas .
kimberley should arrive at south station around 16 55 .
terry will send joe , jake and mindy a presentation . joe's email is joe bubblegum . net , mindy's mindy . d yahoo . com and jake's happypotatoe gmail . com .
flora will talk to barney about their presentation influence of social media on youth tomorrow .
noah is outside to pick up bryan and sara but sara is not ready . noah will come over for a coffee after bryan parks his car in their spot .
lexie and kim cannot go for wall climbing this week . barb proposed to postpone it for the next week .
kate is in the seminar room 1 . she is checking if the university laptop works .
tom can't find his keys , he already checked his backpack and pockets , he'll ask his colleagues .
james left his gloves at sylvia's place . she will bring them to the office tomorrow .
pam will bring hairspray as requested by sam .
rowena has already bird box movie but rochelle did not . bird box is scary but there are no ghosts or demons in it . rochelle likes malkovich .
finn is at work and can't talk .
austin tells darcy to put channel 8 on as they play the new episode of criminal minds .
nick will drive to london alone this weekend . he will call darren an hour earlier if he's near hemel hempstead .
sue is looking at a building close to the shore . sue is afraid the building is too close to the shore .
jennifer and martha are sad because they are going on a funeral tomorrow . they will chip in for the flowers with the guys .
mike broke up with mary . jacob will come over tonight to cheer mike up .
daniel is poking fun at logan's new blog post .
ronald is in kingston .
linda borrows mel's car to get to work as hers is in the garage .
saskia and ramon share their views on kid at school they work at . they'll book a room at a hotel to have some time just for themselves in private .
caron is in bed already .
patrick , dave and lisa have been waiting for an hour for larry and jackie .
beverly has flu and hopes to get better soon .
avery's phone cannot be charged properly , so david will have it repaired tomorrow .
ariel wants to avoid bread for breakfast . muriel and rachel propose flakes with milk , scrambled eggs and fruits .
lily loved the series la casa de papel recommended to her by martin . a new season is coming out in february . they will watch it together .
ray wants liam to hurry up and join him and their friends . liam wants to get dressed properly . ray ordered an uber for liam .
yannick is going to the mall with mom soon , while kevin might take the dog for a walk .
marianne will pick beatrice up from pruszków in half an hour and she will drive her to warsaw .
jeffery got a raise from this month . jeffery will throw a big party for this occasion and faris will buy a cake .
frances is at a boring meeting at work . she will come to lauren's birthday party on friday .
pizza hut on the main square served paul a cold pizza , warm beer , and they waited for service 30 minutes , so he warned beckett not to go there .
aria sends eric and miley a photo of puppies . eric and miley love this photo .
patty , fred and becky are meeting at 1 pm in the lobby .
ella will go shopping shoes with aria somewhere in the city center on friday after work at around 17 30
gabby is at her parents , alexa is out of town , miranda is alone and bored . she finds tinder tedious and quite useless .
it is so sad and luke needs to be there . peggy will let luke know if she is going with him . luke can pick peggy up around 6 pm .
diana is linda's new neighbour . they have just get to know each other .
rob is signing up for a windsurfing camp in her peninsula this year . leo wants to try water skiing . mike recommends a windsurfing camp .
dax is going to call rick about a tour . he wants a certain week off , while miles needs him that week .
emily and aron will plan their skiing trip tonight , although there's 4 months left .
dalia drinks too much coffee instead of getting some sleep .
abraham and agatha will meet at the crystal mall at 5 pm to buy some shoes .
ginny and gemma would like to stock up on hairspray but shipping is 50 dollars .
cleo has beautiful nails .
nick might be going to london this weekend . nick will let darren know he's coming an hour before .
anna needs to buy about 20 christmas cards . they are too expensive in empik . beatrice recommended anna to buy them at the post office . she's going there now .
michael will pick up ava at 8 on saturday .
melanie has a new tattoo . kat will maybe have one someday .
ola showed the new flat to mom and daria today . daria liked the flat . ola will order a new sofa for the flat . ania visited a friend today , who also bought and renovated a flat recently . the renovation lasted 6 months . the friend's flat is about 40 m2 , just like ola's .
anna isn't sure which phone she should choose . she's torn between apple , samsung and xiaomi .
kenneth is still waiting for the transport man . he's angry because they were supposed to leave at 11 . daniel calms him and says that he and david are waiting for them .
willow thinks chicago is better for christmas than toronto , because chicago has excellent beer , food and music .
alexa has an important deadline . she will let tom know at 6pm if they meet tonight .
jim helps fran find her boarding pass in the dining room .
anna's going to calgary on saturday and will take georgia's bills to georgia's mother as georgia can't pay them . she'll give them to anna on friday night .
ian and boris are keen to catch up after ian has been on a long trip away . boris would like ian to meet his lady .
silvia will let sebastian know if she's coming tomorrow morning .
andrew shares his daily portion of amusing memes with naomi .
tamara is a flight attendant and she can finally rest her legs . she will see jerry on thursday and she will surprise stella .
ian has a new paragliding hobby so he bought a para glider .
demi lovato oded heroine and is in hospital .
sandra has been dating a foreign guy for a while . they will eventually get married because he has a visa issue .
cynthia saw carlos and richard making out . cynthia's friend alice is seeing carlos so she needs help . hernandez is going to come over .
lexi spends her tuesday morning productively . fred had an intense week so today he takes it easy .
ali , robert , andrew and irene will meet on friday .
bree and tyree are going to ethan's together on monday .
gabe has bought tickets for an eminem concert . gabe will later tell larry how much does he owe him .
frank will send sally the photos from their trip later . now he's working .
jeffery bought something with a 60 discount for 40 . branden is considering of buying one himself .
jenny and tom did not manage to start the old computer . they can't find the it assistants .
sarah and sebastian are fans of bad luck brian meme but they didn't enjoy the video of him and overly attached girlfriend .
agnes has an appointment with the specialist tomorrow for her back ache . she's angry at gary because he's not available today to meet her .
susan is finishing work early today .
maria and tommy won't fly to the lesser antilles because it's too expensive .
mia critisizes mr trump's yesterday behaviour . noah and his father cannot stand him either .
ted is going away for the weekend . george will take care of spliff and water the flowers when ted is away .
gary and lucas hate this classes .
it's the first snow and bobby is going to write a song about it .
hugh has booked the bikes for tomorrow . lilly is hoping it won't rain .
kelly is on a business trip tonight . owen will bring some booze and visit andrew at 6 p . m . andrew will order pizzas , margherita and hawaiian .
jenn and eli want to meet for a walk on the beach . they give each other their locations several times . jenn worries that she and eli and his friends might have missed each other . jenn is waiting for them next to the hipster cafe .
joseph finds the cooking book he received from anna too difficult . she will try to find a book more suitable for a beginner .
anna's boyfriend cheated on her with his ex girlfriend . leo and kate will come over anna's as soon as possible .
filip is unimpressed with the fancy venue of his christmas party at the view .
nicholas and xander would like to see carey performing live .
james is very happy with the telescope he received from his friends on his birthday .
kate and tom are going to organize the housewarming party in may as a lot of people want to see their new place . kate is still very tired after the move .
roisin saw kate and leah in the library . roisin likes the haircut that kate got in laos in december .
robin will pick a dozen eggs on his way home .
sean and beck are going to look for a birthday gift for sean's brother .
lucille went to torino for her erasmus student exchange and wants to repeat it next year . she is considering a 10 month stay in pavia in italy , or a 5 month stay in malta or belfast . she does not want to go to spain or france .
the car wasn't ready on tuesday , as initially promised . carly has been waiting too long and wants her money back from david , otherwise she'll go to the solicitor macmillan recommended .
kayla wants mom to water her flowers .
logan is going to give a speech for 250 people tomorrow . he is nervous because he has never spoke in front of such a large audience before , but he is well prepared .
zack wishes meg happy birthday .
karl invited belinda on a trip to china .
adam is frustrated , because lucy is not answering . lucy was busy taking care of her sick daughter .
franco lent jessa 100 for meds . jessa still didn't get her paycheck . jessa will pay him back on wednesday .
millie is baking gingerbread cookies for mason's grandmother . she will call her because she wants to drop them off tomorrow on her way to work .
jeff is on the bus . jeff has just left work . ziggy will drop by . ziggy is bored .
randy is interested in the stroller todd has for sale . the price is negotiable , but todd doesn't want to negotiate through text . randy will come to see the stroller tomorrow after 5 .
sophia reminds ethan that he needs to be at the party tonight .
ian is on his way back home . lucy hurries him up .
lea's had her leg and bikini hair removed with a laser . it wasn't as painful as she's expected .
harry has lost his special black coat and must find it on his own .
fiona can't find her wallet . following hannah's advice , she finds it in the car .
kate wants to get her coat from the laundry . the lady there refused because kate didn't have the receipt . tommy sends her a picture of the receipt .
kelly is sad , because tom didn't propose to her during a date yesterday . they went to a fancy restaurant in which a table has to be booked weeks in advance .
there is a dynasty themed ball tonight . elektra is going to look for some fancy outfit in the second hand shop on the 111th street . she'll go there in 30 minutes . poppy will join her . blanca will try to be there , but she's at work until 6 p . m .
peter will come and pick martha up .
max advises peter to talk to emma and he ll do it tomorrow at class .
sophie is working on an article . sophie needed 30 more minutes but managed to do it in 10 . britney wants her to be more careful next time so she won't lose her clients .
kamil is looking for movie or series recommendations . jurek and leszek recommend clerks . leszek recommends clerks 2 . jurek recommends game of thrones . leszek is not excited about the series . kamil is skeptical at first , but will give the series a try .
miranda is going to keep the baby . max is being very supportive . miranda's shameful ex partner josh , continues to write her .
kailey has a stalker . kailey's husband of 7 years , misch , will contact the man to get him to stop but cristina and kailey worry misch might beat him up .
luna shares a story of the dyatlov pass incident with han , jen and rory . a group of people left their tent panicked , unprepared , almost naked at the temperature 25 outside , and died tragically . their deaths remain unsolved .
tonia has been signed out of the hospital . she has to write an essay on two different interpretations of huckleberry finn for next tuesday . school will pay for her trip to london .
krystyna janda received the best actress award at the sundance festival .
ayden has just made his linkedin account . thomas thinks employers might check linkedin profiles of their employees .
helen asked lucas to buy cream for her mother's birthday cake .
daniel wants to apply for a new job . he is sure he won't get his manager's permission . karen knows patricia from hr . she talked to her . patricia will call daniel .
denise is upset because seth is late again .
simon gets impatient as the couch hasn't been delivered in the last 2 days .
nikki's making toasts . claudia and iris will eat them .
wesley has a board game called catan . it can be played by 6 people . lacey , misty , adam and peterson will play it with him . during the winter vacation last year they played a strategy game where misty and peterson had to conquer a castle and lacey with adam were defending it .
in the shakespeare project modern writers like anne tyler and jo nesbo are writing new novels based on shakespeare's works . jo nesbo is recreating macbeth . james likes his works very much , so he wants to read it .
tomorrow damien , bradley , steve and joe will meet at about 7 and go bowling .
damaris asked ethan about his job at descon . ethan is content with his job .
kristopher feels dizzy , so he's not sure if he's going for their chess tournament today . last time he cheated while roosevelt fell asleep at the table to have some fun before they die . he's in a bad mood today .
levi would like to work for a year or two in a distant place without the internet or phones . belle would like to see macchu pichu or go once more to venice . belle's favourite songs are gone in the morning and impossible opening from finding neverland .
they will not go swimming today .
javier wants lozano and his children to move out from a dangerous area and live with his family . lozano will let him know .
noah and reece are watching manchester united at the pub today .
jenna is going to prepare some indian style chicken with rice tonight . eaton will use his own spices .
mike got hold of those first row tickets .
the dean called yuri in his office today to talk about the fight . yuri will tell it's not his fault . yuri and greg are worried he's gonna be mad .
nick will stay until 2 am with some people tomorrow .
sandra went to the aquarium with amy and zoe , delia's daughter . amy and zoe are close friends . ted found zoe's sweater . amy will give it back tomorrow .
kate is too busy with another assignment to help liz . tom is off and katie moved out so they can't either .
ashton is upset and disappointed after the meeting with his boss . morgan will meet ashton in 20 minutes .
len and paul have been at stroud picking up len's nan's wardrobe . there is no signal there so paul couldn't answer jane's calls . len will tell him to call jane .
mark and tim won't make it today . josh won't be going without them . they will go next week .
hunter and mary discuss how to promote their brand . they decided to refuse the sponsorship deal and investigate the possibilities with influencers , younger audience or a startup .
marie will order the egyptian princess and the aphrodite outfits for her and sophie and two romans for guy and paul . guy needs size l . there is only one size for women . marie has golden sandals size 39 for sophie , who will come and try them on when the costumes are delivered .
tim says there is no ketchup . helen will buy it on her way home .
liam took ned's jacket . ned loves the jacket and doesn't want it damaged .
they might form a band . daniel will play the guitar , charles will play the drums and martin will sing . they will need to find one more musician .
maria is cooking for about 12 people . martina will help her .
michal is coming for 2 days and 2 nights . adrian will take care of michal s accommodation .
kreig wants his uncle , kort , to come over so they can set up a facebook account for kort so he can sell items .
tina's laptop doesn't work . the hard disc is gone . she has a deadline in two days . she is going to meet with an it guy .
kurt got a chair from bianca .
nick needs opinions what is better gas or induction hob . ben isn't convinced with the induction hob , ruth , tom , harry , emma and kate are for the induction , and christian is for the gas .
greg warned nancy that clarkson is very attentive and he will spot every mistake .
samir enquires whether a shirt will be ready for him tomorrow but alena is not sure . she will let him know as soon as his preferred sleeved shirt can be called from the festival reception upon giving his name and mentioning that it is from her .
nina is leaving because she is not feeling well .
dylan is leaving work and thanks eve for everything . he will let her know how he is settling into his new place .
gabiel , danielle and amber are going to take a car for minutes . danielle has never used it before .
millie , eva and freya cannot wait tomorrow .
julia bought the plane tickets to come to the graduation . cecile is coming , too .
it isn't snowing , despite the weather forecast .
walter is running 30 minutes later , but nelly and brian will be late too , so it's not a problem for conrad .
dave will scan and send the bank statement for the house to mark , when he's back at the office .
edward is upset with his mom . he gave her 1 , 000 for her birthday . mom gave the money to her boyfriend , who promised to buy her a ring . he didn't , he went to las vegas and lost the money gambling .
jess and shane are celebrating one year anniversary in a week . they will meet at chez maman at 7pm . jess asks shane to move in with her .
kevin wants to sell his car . rob will ask his frends if they are interested in buying it .
joanne wants to organize mark's birthday party much earlier as a joke to cheer him up . aaron isn't sure about the idea . aaron will let aurelia know he has a girlfriend .
sonny planned a 5 kilometer route for running with a starting point at the library , at 7 30 . bianca , sienna , james , katie and jacqueline are in . bianca will bring a friend . femm can't leave her child . victor and tracy can't make it tonight . yellow vests are necessary for running after dark .
noreen and bailey don't know which room is their lit class in . room 23 is being painted and it's unavailable until the end of the month . the professor should have let them know where to go , but he hasn't yet . pepper is going to email him right away .
grace is in london recording a studio album . she won it in a singing competition . she won with a sample of lemonade by beyonce . her album will be ready in two months and released probably in four months .
jordan will buy chocolate at amelia's request .
barbara has just got a call from the place where she applied for a job two months ago .
meghan is having interviews and they are going well . meghan is having just one more with the hub director . paul is considering looking for a better job .
there is free lunch in mcr .
peter and charles miss each other . they are going to talk on skype tonight .
dell's and moira's holiday in mexico is going well . driving in mexico is so tiring that moira has refused to drive .
the university's website says all tommorrow's classes are cancelled because of the winter weather .
it helped when it was cold . ross asked his sister to do it again . ross just got out of bed .
henry , leo , marcel and amelia are organizing a party . leo's leaving on monday for a week . they will meet on monday , 18th at 8 p . m . to distribute the work .
scott created and recorded a song as a thank you gift for tammie . she loves it .
andres wants to chat , but mila is busy now .
cindy is going to the theatre and restaurant with her grandparents . she doesn't know how to dress . ola agrees that blue skirt and a white shirt is a good choice .
martha's vacuum cleaner broke . the guests are coming and it's sunday , so it's not possible for her to get a new one now . she tried to borrow a vacuum cleaner from the neighbours , but didn't succeed . she will have to use a broom then .
neil is at checkpoint charlie .
this weekend philip is going to a birthday party , jack is traveling home so alex needs to find something else to do .
joe and sally were absent at yesterday's lecture and don't have any notes .
marina had a scan yesterday . it was impossible to verify the sex but it's probably a boy .
bob wants to lose weight and is looking for tips . kelly suggests cutting down on sugar , smaller plates , fiber foods and no food after 6 pm . alan suggests sleeping well .
aiden will buy something to drink and come to aileen's around 20 00 .
ernie is fed up with people , but considers jeremy his special friend .
jordina cooked mary's meal . mary will eat it in 7 minutes , as soon as she finishes the conversation with a team leader .
robert hitch will renew the contract with santander .
louis' and kelly's homework for tomorrow is maths pages 3 and 4 and writing an essay about their hobbys in english .
christine is sleeping and quinn is going to bed .
chris , nathan , tom , mark and jake are having a boy's only gathering . chris booked a table for 7 o'clock .
harry is new at the university in a big city , and now he's feeling overwhelmed . his apartment is expensive , but he couldn't find anything cheaper . however , he likes his university .
anna broke up with jeff because he cheated on her again and now she has to get tested . carrie thinks he shouldn't be forgiven . mitch is not sure .
charlie thinks that it is not a good idea to bring whiskey for the party .
serena is going to take some food from blair , because the party is cancelled .
eva sends a link with a political documentary she had already told others about . john , johann , eva and ann are pessimistic about it .
jason went to meet his friends at target instead of walmart .
holy wants to watch a film . nancy and lottie recommend holy 'la casa de papel' on netflix .
kimberly is afraid she lost katelin's earrings . she wore them last yesterday at her brother's graduation party . she doesn't remember taking them off . it turns out that kimberly's mom has the earrings . kimberly gave them to her before going to dance .
lacey saw the queen movie last weekend . she and jack will have some wine for their date .
joe thinks that harry has just called him . probably harry's daughter called joe by mistake . joe and harry haven't spoken since last year . they make an appointment on friday . they plan to eat burger at bourbon st . joe will call harry on friday , after work .
babs and tallia are happy that they are not living in 1918 . babs complains that she has a lot of responsibilities . babs will be busy with finding new sponsors today .
anderson has known jack for about 5 years , but doesn't know what he does for a living . yesterday jack complained to grace about his work . anderson will ask jack about it when he sees him next time .
anna goes to the pilates class at 7 am .
it's melanie's birthday . uncle matt will buy a cake and some ice cream for this occasion . barb is studying for a test .
jake's got engaged . christine gave him love advice .
annie and shayla are sixty nines fans . declan and jake don't appreciate their music .
jean has left linda's parcel on her desk .
mel and nicky are listening to an old track that brings back memories .
andy and linda went for a trip . the weather is cold there but they enjoy it . linda doesn't like the hotel they are staying in , she thinks it's smelly . andy has running nose .
harper texted jake , but he didn't respond . he will stay at home . carmen has an exam on wednesday . she was caught up cheating during the last exam . she needs to pay 300 to take the exam again . she will tell her parents in person .
matt forgot to meet up with mark and jeff this morning to work on the project . mark would like to talk to him .
caleb is coming to see nancy this evening . it's raining all the time .
leslie has classes with agatha meir . hunter is starting a course tomorrow . the teacher is demanding .
lilly has finally talked to him as per liam's advice . he will call lilly tonight .
even though the ease of taking pictures nowadays kimberley feels that the choice of the topic of the photo will has sent her shows that he's a talented photographer .
cindy gave birth to a boy .
lewis doesn't know what to think about their new song . scott likes it .
patrick wants natalia to join him for the training program . natalia will have a look .
pete offered tanya to keep her company but she refused .
katie's parents went mushroom picking and then they visited graves . sarah and katie hate visiting graves .
maxine reminds mark to check the date on stuff he buys .
ted had a serious accident , but his leg is healing now . ted feels better after a couple of months . liz will come over later today and help anne with a few things .
david will try to reschedule his meeting to go on his child's school trip , as another parent has withdrawn and the trip could be cancelled .
judi and kathy want to go to a beyonce concert . they are going to borrow money for the tickets from judi's mom .
ben will set up a meeting for adam and a new client from moto industry .
hunter and evan will meet at 7 for a beer . nicholas will join them at 8 .
linda and bill are going to the amish store on wednesday . bill will get noodles for barbara to cheer her up . barbara is depressed at this time of the year and she will lose her job right after christmas . barbara will go to school to learn programming .
mike offers to help blake with his project . blake doesn't need any help but will text if he does .
martha advices cleaning the oven with astonish cleaner and a scraper , while beth with oven cleaner . noah's oven is really dirty so she will get a professional to clean it , although it's expensive .
tanja and chris failed the exam and gred got c .
manchester won .
stan doesn't want to go to school . carol doesn't agree , because he played games and hasn't revised for the test . she'll pick him up at 3 . 20 .
aleks wanted to know the exam scores but joshua hasn't checked his group yet . they will be available in a week or so .
suzanne is very busy with her professional projects . she does not have time to meet with her friends mary . mary offers suzanne help but suzanne is a perfectionist and prefers to manage all by herself . she promised mary to find some time for a meeting .
ana is not able to make friends in barcelona . ana thinks about quitting the job and coming back . ruben and her friends will come to visit .
bobby got stuck in the toilet , so alexis will go and fetch someone .
zack lost them ant wants to catch up later because he is leaving for london tonight . louise is going to the keynote speech and dinner . zack will see if he can make it for the keynote speech , but will join them for dinner .
kinga is leaving tomorrow . kinga and valerie didn't have a chance to say goodbye .
isabella likes to observe people around her as entertainment . she will change her seat on the train because a lady sitting next to her is speaking about her sexual life .
john has received mail addressed to catherine . they will meet in cambridge on thursday and he'll give her the letters .
matt sends gigi his pictures as a response to her offer to work on a movie set . gigi will pass the contact details of the project coordinator to him .
kate is in the classroom 1b . leah is coming to join her .
haiden's news sources are tv , cellphone radio and an app newsify . newsify has a downside of having limited comment section . joyce will send haiden a link to other app , as he was busy at the moment .
aline wonders where ali left the keys to the basement , and he has them with him . ali is coming back at 7 00 , which aline isn't happy about .
sonia and ron watched ron's favorite baseball team play a match yesterday . ron did not expect sonia to watch as she's not a baseball fan . sonia was herself surprised to enjoy the game so much . sonia considers it to be ron's influence .
luka and jackie say good night .
james is happy about his ski trip and comes back tomorrow around 5 o'clock .
jackson shows sophia images of mum's 60th birthday party . he had a good time . sophia is sad to have missed it . dad's 65th birthday party is next year .
matilda and jo spend christmas with family , jerry stayed at home .
linda is about to do her nails .
rick will email the math assignment for tomorrow to donna . she will help him .
ringo doesn't know what to get his girlfriend , celia , for christmas . celia is winton's sister . lane proposes something from ikea or a cheap flight to italy .
krista has finally set up her instagram account . george is going to follow her .
alger saw rita's pictures . she travels to beautiful places during summer and winter holidays .
jesse is sick and she's been home all day . norma thinks that she saw her earlier at the mall and that jesse ignored her .
dorothy's and marrisa's project went bad . they think it's ann's fault .
a cat is sleeping on kara but she is allergic and starts sneezing .
ann and kevin are having lunch at bon apetite at prudential mall . elisabeth will join them in 3 minutes .
cecily is angry because flyn didn't come back home yet .
it's harold's last day , he brought cookies .
grace has been busy at work . luis reckons grace rocks .
kaz's washing machine leaks all over the laundry . peter suggests that the tap might need tightening but kaz claims it doesn't work and the help of a plumber will be needed .
lucas and dorothy's mom and dad are planning to go on a 7 day cruise for their 40th wedding anniversary . lucas and dorothy are going to join them .
joanna loves the pictures shared by monica . the song for the clip will be bruno mars marry you .
jesse wants to take chelsea somewhere special on thursday . chelsea won't tell her mum .
jared congratulates troy on his passing the exam . troy is jubilant that dennis failed because he hates dennis for disparaging him for his czech surname . jared thought they were at loggerheads because of a girl . to him the name troy svoboda would nicely suit a metal musician .
abigail will shout for nick when she is downstairs .
lola and julio will meet at the southeast corner of winston park on friday at 9 am to go hiking .
adam is joining sonya's team . she wants to know when he will come to the office . adam will be there on thursday and friday , and maybe tomorrow and on wednesday . sonya is going to send him more instructions then .
isaac is hating the christmas ambiance because the customers are annoying and everything is tense and busy . he will act normal in front of the kids on renee's request . she is excited about upcoming parties .
hugo is off to mazagan in morocco this weekend . lacey studies in poland .
erick wanted to give max a dog for his birthday . doug talked him out of it claiming he is too young for such a responsibility .
peter thinks they should go to reunion instead of mauritius . paul and manuel convince peter they got a great deal for mauritius , and they should visit both places .
julia is glad that owen got home safely .
martha has written a long email to her boss , but it was deleted and can't be recovered . she's very angry .
jack's car is making strange hissing noises so he will bring it to phil's garage at 4 .
judy and daniel's parents are going to be home in a few minutes . judy cooked dinner .
cindy invites tom for a game night on wednesday . tom will come .
mindy sent sean pictures of her new puppy , max .
jon is at home watching tv . he's tired and not willing to talk to david or go out with him .
ridge can stream narcos on showbox or terrarium tv as alternatives to netflix .
eating only two avocados a day is said to be healthy . greg had tried it once and he felt great after that .
steve has a new dishwasher . it was installed right after delivery .
jess is feeling sick and won't be able to meet tom today . they will meet at the same time next tuesday .
ann wants to visit her mother tomorrow . steven is not going to work then .
julia and tom will be showing their flat to possible tenants at the weekend .
shanice wants to make ellie's british boyfriend feel welcome on saturday , so she asked troy to get some british food . troy doesn't think it's a good idea .
kate didn't come to mike because she was sleeping .
peter can't check statistics for his work's profile page as facebook is down .
kelly has diarrhea . kiara suspects a fish burger to be the cause . kelly doesn't take medication unless she really has to .
noah has just arrived to work .
ashley send jodie a file . they both were surprised that the thing cost 49 .
izzy and heather are going with children to wonderland on saturday morning . they're going by izzy's car to save on the parking and will buy tickets from costco as they're cheaper . izzy'll print them out .
wanda's and hiram's bus is coming and wanda's not there .
ali and emely are tired and going to sleep soon .
toby , greg , bill and anna are shocked about the price of sneakers 270 . they prefer to wait for black friday or cyber monday .
cameron is drinking beer in iguana . maya was there a bit earlier . cameron and maya want to meet up today .
martha thinks jack only talks to her when he wants something and assumes that it is also the case this time . martha is upset with this . martha and jack don't see the point of continuing this conversation .
oliver's favourite christmas song is silent night . amelia can't decide which one is hers . she is going to meet gwen at the mall . oliver will join .
lindacy has a free house this weekend . petunia will visit lindacy tomorrow . olga cannot come because she needs to go through all of her data on weekend . olga has a supervision on monday .
anna is starting the third book of century trilogy and tim can't wait as he wants to discuss it with someone .
teo will order pizza today . bruce will join him in an hour .
adam and faith will meet at 8 30 .
jenny , tim and nancy will meet at jenny's place at 8 pm .
maya had a great evening with her family yesterday . at the weekend she will also be celebrating with her friends .
sandra and mel will meet for coffee around noon tomorrow .
tom lost his keys again .
sarah hit the pillar with the car while she was leaving her parking spot .
elaine and stacey watched the last episode of '4 better 4 worse' and liked it . now they have to wait all summer for next episodes .
ethan forgot to buy a gift for mom's birthday , so damian will pick him up at 5 and they will find something together .
maddie has just booked the flight . dan offers sleepover at his apartment .
gary's date ate his burger when he was in the bathroom .
allen is hungover .
skyla's dad is upset with her academic performance and wants to speak to camron as well . camron will come to skyla's home tomorrow at 5 pm .
sam is coming home on the 23rd . anne will be there on the 22nd . auntie jenny will be joining sara , anne and sam for christmas .
ralph missed work as he had a dental appointment . the procedure was painless . donald had a boring shift at work which is typical for this quarter .
monica won't come to work today as she has to take her ill son to the doctor .
sandra is at hospital and is feeling a little better now . bob will bring her some fruit when he visits her after work .
sandra in planning to go skiing either in poland , slovakia or in italy , if she manages to gather more people . she invites daniel and kate to join her . daniel and kate will consider it .
tim recommends the new song called sunflower from the spiderman movie , but james knows it already .
eve , elise , dave and carl had a party last night . elise owes eve money , she'll give it to her tomorrow .
becky , irene , veronica and chloe enjoyed the reunion today . they plan to bring their special ones to the next reunion .
there is a maths exam tomorrow . ann and will hate maths .
meg can't have a lesson with jeff today . it's about the third lesson meg cancels just a few hours in advance .
dorota and kinga are not invited because they are bosses . ola is coming .
andy will visit joan on his way to the gym . he will bring her some food , sudoku and a cosmo . joan can't have wine with the medicine .
rick invited martin for his new year's eve party . rick is renting a house for 20 people in the mountains . although martin planned sitting at home then , he will join rick .
amy will probably stay in vancouver for the entire summer . michael is staying in guangzhou but will be in vancouver in a month for one day .
gwen will meet karren for chicken and beer soon .
sally is doing shopping for her baby shower planned for tomorrow at 7 o'clock . she will prepare some vegan snacks for tatiana . tatiana will bring wine glasses .
jim , tim and margaret will meet at the cathedral church .
nora has an important presentation tomorrow . a potential client is coming in . cabel is struggling with some of the statistics . she also has a new phone number 01 924 841 616 .
brad's engine slows down at random moments , dom'll check it in the evening .
irene is working , and she is going to be late for supper . steven will prepare something to eat . irene will take an uber to get home .
marcin is explaining why the majority of polish people does not celebrate halloween to chris .
pamela will take care of jessica's baby for two hours in the afternoon .
tom has e mailed brat all the files he wants brat to review before signing .
there is a match between real and ajax tonight . simon can't watch it , because he's leaving soon . he will be back on the 19th of february .
kelly has been using a new app for 2 or 3 and finds it helpful in organizing their meals . caitlyn finds it cool .
yen , howie and wendy will bring coco some leftovers .
edward is waiting for a parcel . laura can't bring it to him until 9 pm . edward's husband will pick it up in 30 minutes .
brit won't make it today , but will before the new year's . she's got a swollen cheek and is on drugs .
the promotion for victor , tony and alice's event lasted for 2 weeks . 21 out of 27 registered people attended , few of them left for the drinks . victor suggests they need to widen the reach of the promotion and work on communication between the team members . tony and alice agree .
bernadette is visiting her grandma this weekend and she needs somebody to babysit her cat . sammy agrees to do that . the cat whiskers eats dry food twice a day and half of a purrina can in the morning . his litter box has to be cleaned twice a day . also , sammy will water bernadette's plants .
audrey and lilly are going to the funeral .
something was wrong with the system and people were missing points . rick was missing 200 . 14 points . for brady it wasn't adding points from last night . brooke's score was off by almost 200 . jake was winning before going to bed and now he's not . the system has now been fixed according to john .
tracy and marry can't wait to go to sicily in june . the project's deadline is on 6th may . tracy and marry are stressed out .
nate wants to know if bill has a good restaurant to recommend .
fawx and alexis will meet at the service road which is being polished .
bill has some problems at work and might even lose his job . he and anna are not going away for easter so they agree to meet with the kids and go to mc . anna and bill are both shocked with the number of people in stores .
half of the ceiling collapsed in sophie's and tom's kitchen and it needs fixing asap .
they are going to attend the cheese and wine festival .
larry can't find his biking helmet .
rosa is going downstairs to get tom .
mira will pick barry from the station at 18 00 . he will arrive at 17 45 and do some shopping meanwhile .
jackson is leaving town and is throwing a party . pauline will miss him and they would like to keep in touch .
mick is going to stay in for halloween . amka never used to celebrate it either . chris describes that polish people visit cemeteries on 1 november .
there's a kid sick with chickenpox at emma's preschool . they called jake to pick her up . emma has however been vaccinated for it . jake will pick her up and jill's mom will come over to watch her .
tony didn't realise that edinburgh is on the seaside . he and grace are going to visit jim in edinburgh .
tess didn't put the keys in their place , so adrien couldn't find them and had to call uber .
eleanor is struggling to communicating with sammy . she is not keen on moving out thought and neither is sammy . eleanor is planning on just avoiding sammy as much as possible .
stacey , steve and olly will buy a grinder for their father and a massage voucher for their grandmother .
jorge will buy milk and milk chocolate on gloria's request .
there is a christmas fair on the main square . miranda , jeniffer and georgia like it , kenzie is fed up with it being the same every year .
someone took olivia's coat at a new year's eve party .
someone stole margaret's netflix account . in her 'continue watching' , she saw a film she hadn't been watching , 'slumdog the millionaire' . she should change her password and notify netflix about the incident .
nancy's going back to the gym as her new year's resolution . she wants to lose 10kg . donald would like to gain 10kg .
jasna bought a white fiat tipo last year .
todd wants to talk to cheyanne , but she's sleeping and doesn't want to talk .
rachel and cameron split up yesterday . maisy was absent at school . anna made fun of steph in maths .
nolan will pick ian up from work on friday at 5 pm to have a drink .
hyatt recommends nickelby and palin watching channel 6 now .
maya will be late . christina is waiting .
markus is going to porto tomorrow . nicole is in toronto .
tim will buy some bread and lactose free milk and butter at the market .
grace wants gus to buy orange juice , ice cream , bread and peanut butter , and pick up kevin at 4 .
fiona bought a washing machine from john last week but it's not working properly , so she wants john to come and fix it . john can't fix it onsite , fiona needs to deliver the machine . john gives her a contact to dave , who can transport it . fiona will let john know the transport arrangements .
ted is watching zero dark thirty . jenna also saw this movie . she will call ted in the morning .
josh booked the facility for 7 30 pm . mark is not sure if he can make it , because he has a lot of work to do .
martha shares a photo with jessica and daniel .
sam and warren find it difficult to write 50 dialogues per week .
greg owns frank 100 . jane paid 80 for photos and frames .
jan got a job at wally world . dave and jan both hate this place .
katie picks indigo set for her friend .
rob wants chris to upload invoices with reports at the same time . chris will get the missing reports to chris tonight .
kate asks mary to postpone their tomorrow's lesson to monday . mary agrees to between 5 and 7 p . m .
alexis supports jubilee .
rutherford and dunstan didn't watch stranger things . morley liked the show .
emma and ron will go hiking this weekend . they meet at 6 a . m . on saturday .
rebekah is home . she had a lot of fun .
nick bumped into his old girlfriend , heather . she is back in town visiting her parents , and has a new partner , a girlfriend .
steve ordered 3 pairs of xl trousers in 3 different colors . steve chose the cheapest door to door delivery and filled in the form on andre's request . steve will receive the delivery within 7 days .
janny and woodie dislike the man . they discuss news about him . reuters posted a tweet about his wendy's pizza by candlelight . he served cold fast food to the sport champions .
laura bought that t shirt .
ben is goint to spend the evening in front of the idiot box . harry is working tonight .
jane brought back the car .
judy will pick sara up for church at 9 30 . chris can't come because he has the flu . after church judy and sara will meet for coffee and talk about spiritual issues .
kenneth will be in the park in 3 minutes . it's really cold so emily wants him to hurry up .
liam loves amy , but can't stand the fact that she is starting argumets all the time . yesterday she got mad and broke all his plates because she's jealous of dalila , who is liam's friend .
richard has read a book cherry gave him . richard has never read master and margarita . cherry's reading challenge is to read 50 books this year .
although jackie is feeling better , she'll stay at home to write an article about the themes of theatre and fiction in everyday life based on italian literature .
peta aired the vegans have better sex commercial during super bowl .
ema is busy with school and work . she is missing out on girly parties . she is saving up to start her own business after graduating . anna is amazed and inspired by this . ema finds motivation in thinking about her future .
pamela's cat ruined her blue and grey sock . pamela wants to frame the other sock and hang it in the living room .
tate is hurrying harry up because he's late .
olivia and noah will go to michale bublé concert on the 26th of july . olivia is supposed to buy the tickets for them .
toby barely passed the exam .
tim ate the dinner that nichelle left for sally . sally will order pizza and she can eat it on her own . nichelle will talk to tim who should be grounded .
josh , ed and will are arriving to minsk in may for a conference . uladzimir will pick them up from the airport and take care of them .
dan and viv refuse to help mark establish how to do the paperwork they all need . mark will take care of this and let them know once he learns the details .
amy has a crush on the russian guy from her office but she's married and loves joseph .
cam's annoyed at tim for sending her memes she hates .
george sold his honda and saved a little for the down payment for the harley . he will give stan a ride at 2 .
ashley is late . hannah left 10 minutes ago . ashley will take the bus .
sara and katie like shopping on ebay , but there's too many choices for katie .
lilly and dilly haven't done the music assignment for tomorrow . they will skip school .
sean will take robert's 7 am shift . robert needs to take his son to the doctor .
ronald is at the store . stephanie advises ronald what clothes he should buy for himself and dad based on the pictures he sends her .
mary and laura need to work on the ebmn project this afternoon . lyla sympathizes with them as they have to deal with the difficult client .
matthew and heather love each other .
elisa's going to the central station . she has to be there at 3 pm if she doesn't want to miss her train . she'll give kate a lift to the city centre .
sabrina is planning a trip with the family to portugal this summer . she will keep macy posted about her plans .
jean wants everyone to be 10 again but when she and patricia were 10 , shawn was 14 . patricia and jean used to love pestering shawn because he easily cracked .
bella will not come to practice next week due to a family commitment . she will see edward tomorrow instead and he will give her some drills to practice on her own . edward will offer no further flexibility in practice sessions .
darcy advises benny to use protonmail , as she considers it the most secure e mail provider . cory has party pictures she doesn't like .
sylvia and marian should move in july , but marian doesn't supervise the workers as he is busy with work . helen suggests going to spa to get sylvia some rest .
sarah will go to diane's birthday party . lucy didn't get an email with the invitation , so she doesn't want to go . sarah will call diane and ask her whether lucy is invited .
synthia met her friend mike and she is very upset about it . joan suggests to just say hi next time . synthia decides to just ignore him .
carl just went on holidays .
andrea had a very stressful experience because she got stuck in the elevator .
steven has left his phone behind again . gary will bring it tomorrow .
adrian , joy and maria will meet at the entrance in 10 minutes .
a guy seating next to kate is a new java developer . his name is james .
linda will get a tattoo . mia will prepare a design for linda and tattoo her . linda will share some inspiration with mia as she has nothing concrete on her mind .
it is winn's birthday today .
jackie watched oli's latest youtube video and enjoyed it a lot .
sam forgot to invite julia and mike to the event on fb . around 70 people will come to the party . peter will be flying solo .
auntie gertie is coming to england this summer . delma will call her later .
alexa and layla are going to athens for the weekend . alex found a cheap flight friday to tuesday and layla'll book a hotel on booking . they'll work in a bar and then sightsee .
kim is going to new york next week .
tomorrow fabian , max and albert are going to watch a match at max's place . they're going to meet at 7 and prepare food . fabian will buy the meat and albert will bring alcohol .
sheridan and elias are criticising her pink fridge .
lottie went on a date with tommy but is not sure about him . gabrielle and faith want all the details .
hailey doesn't have the pass for the swimming pool . she and eva will go to the public one instead .
butler won the game , he beat prosko in semi finals , pistol pete got injured in quarters , and clemency came 15 .
benjamin and kate are talking about music .
britney is at the doctor's . she will contact claire later .
tony gives recommendations on what sally should see in nyc .
nina is mildly positive about her 2 week visit to italy .
gale was absent today . kit thinks not much was going on at school . joseph doesn't want to listen to any gossip .
josh is about to fly by plane . he is annoyed by other people taking his seat . josh and rani love each other .
yehuda was out of internet .
elise got the money from ivan and sent him the documentation .
taylor is going shopping tomorrow and karoline needs some stuff .
greg , tom , catherine and thomas will see the new harry potter today at 8 pm . eve can't attend because of work . greg will book the tickets .
after work mark will buy red wine for megan's birthday .
shelly experienced a heavy snow storm just before christmas , 3 or 4 years ago . someone pulled her bag , walked over her presents and she started picking things up . she went home by the subway and fortunately didn't lose anything .
brittany's kakaotalk id has been hacked .
xander forgot the name of a game . lucy told him that the game was called kragmortha .
dinny enjoys working from home . dinny wants his father to come over for christmas but dad is going to sri lanca . dad got ill in mexico last year . dad got an offer from his insurance . dad will pay 2345 for 22 days all inclusive . dad will call dinny before departure .
kim informs andy and lee that she can recommend them as the candidates for customer service representatives in her company . kim doesn't know what the salary is but the work environment is great and an employee can get some nice perks .
daria is going to the lecture but jane is not .
mandy will borrow professional scissors from paula because she wants to cut her hair . mandy refuses to have her hair cut by paula .
the girl at the reception has lost chelsea's multisport card . chelsea has got a stamped paper until they find her card . chelsea is going to wait until tommorrow and if the card is not found she will talk to the manager .
eternity sold 30 cars last month while her supervisor sold 24 , yet the supervisor received a higher salary .
john and james are looking for accommodation near their school . james is short on money and has no car . john suggests sharing an apartment and they agree on a set of rules on using such a place on weekdays and at the weekend . they are going in to have a look at one place .
for tomorrow's spanish lesson linda and keith have to prepare homework and learn the names of places in their town for the test . keith and linda are going to attend the end of term get together in la mancha on july 10th . after that linda goes away for 2 months .
georgina loves the new ti song and is looking forward to the yo gotti album release next tuesday .
shirley thinks her job is boring .
michael decided to buy the car he was thinking about . michael had to delay the purchase , but is now able to go through with it . michael and john will go together to get the car from the showroom . michael will drive the car home . michael and john will see each other on saturday .
evelyn wants to give her friend airpords as a birthday gift . gabrial will buy airpods at the weekend .
mika , mike , ion and keely pay 34 , 45 per person for gas .
nora will sign up for self defence classes for women organized by the university . adalyn will sign up too if they don't interfere with her work . she will let nora know .
may and peter had the same food at the restaurant . peter has been feeling sick for an hour . he didn't drink much .
ralp's looking for mary , she's in the bathroom .
karen is having a goodbye party on saturday before she leaves for canada on monday and wants betty to come . karen's sister lives there and karen found a job offer for a danish speaking recruiter . she will stay with her sister at the beginning . betty and karen will meet for coffee on wednesday .
patty , mirco and simone read orwell's 1984 . keira's never read it .
in opposition to danie , sabrina and richard claim that having a baby is problematic and limiting .
mandy wants to give back the dress that she borrowed from lucy . mandy wore it this weekend during the wedding . mandy was invited there by her boyfriend john , with whom she had a difficult period recently . mandy's decided to sacrifice the scholarship offer in london for this relationship .
jo came back from the trip with cold symptoms . jo stayed at home .
jack and luke watched the political debate yesterday and consider it ridiculous . they are wondering how people like that get elected . luke argues that their electorate will continue to vote for them . jack is considering stopping watching the debates .
shania is watching a tv documentary 'stop bieszczady' which sounds interesting to tamara as well .
zara released new collection . ellen likes those shoes and faith loves that red jacket , so they might go shopping next week .
pam will accompany tory to buy shoes for cold weather . tory might buy trekking shoes .
jack's examination should start in about 10 minutes . he remembers very well the video hugo has sent him . it is about the bank that stole jack's money .
peter and paul saw eric last time a month ago at brenda's birthday . peter sent him a message , but eric was laconic .
madie and aggie are hungry but they have to wait till the end of the meeting .
hollie reminded her sister , mollie , about their mother's birthday today .
anastasia will catch the bus in a few minutes and will arrive between 16 . 30 and 16 . 45 .
janet is going to eat fried chitterlings with vegetables . andrew spent last night drinking with friends . andrew and janet will drink together .
joan and eric will meet at a french restaurant at 8 .
poly , wera , john and sina will order some food from the american restaurant that they visited last week .
phil is angry because nicky went to a party and she spent a lot of money on things phil considers useless .
kent is worried as it is ellens birthday soon and he doesn't have any money . russel suggests they just spend the day together .
troy texted rick every day without knowing he was in the hospital with pneumonia . he's sorry he didn't pay him a visit .
pietr will skip the new iphone and will wait for the next generation instead .
ted wrote to marion to inform her that they are back home . ted will call marion some time tomorrow .
anthony and jane are going to meet tomorrow .
juliette needs joey's advice . she doesn't know if she should go out again with a guy she started seeing . joey thinks she is not pushed but only asked to go out . she agrees and decides to say yes .
the registration for classes starts at 9pm . anne and mary haven't chosen the courses yet . the spots number is limited , first come first served , so anne , mary and michal need to act fast .
anna is changing her job in 2 weeks . she has found a new job already . joe is spending time at home with kids , he hasn't been home for 7 years , apart from short vacations .
rihanna , madonna and beyonce are meeting for coffee at starbucks centre at 7 .
joe and kendra agree that it was a good idea not to invite myra to the party .
karolina took a video of andrew dancing when he was drunk .
tom and sandra are late . they will meet at the main entrance at 7 30 .
emily and mary will meet at 12 on thursday . they want to go for some brazilian or indian buffet .
josiah will call claire in a minute .
apparently , cassidy speaks about catherine in a very offensive way behind catherine's back . catherine and cassidy almost don't know each other . catherine is extremaly upset .
geoff couldn't visit a friend on saturday , and he cannot visit him this weekend . today he had a lazy day with food and footbal . he is not enthusiastic about incoming xmas .
avery is busy on wednesday . avery is busy in the morning on thursday and has a lesson in the evening , but is free in the middle of the day . mia lives 30 minutes away from avery by train . mia and avery will meet on thursday for a walk and tea at avery's house .
josh was looking for stan's red folder on stan's desk , but it was on the fridge . stan needs details from an application form inside it .
abby and gaby will go shopping on sunday .
howard has a toothache and needs to go to the dentist . johns recommends prodentist , where he went last year . johns was treated by dr wade . howard and johns are scared of dentists .
mary , bella , margaret and tim are going to helsinki . they'll take a ferry around 6 . 00 6 . 30 am to get there . they are going to stay there for the whole weekend except for tim , who has a family reunion and he has to come back home on sunday .
the toilet is broken and julia needs help . a plumber will come and stop the flow tonight and finish the repairs tomorrow .
sophie promised to send wesley some pictures when she was drunk . she doesn't remember that and she's not going to send him any pictures . she doesn't trust him because she barely knows him .
jack has a flu but amelia reckons it's just a cold . jack should stay at home . amelia thinks jack is a workaholic . amelia will talk to prof . simons .
dom and nick will write an essay of 2500 words about the article she sent them .
lidia wants aron to send someone to the conference room in 15 20 minutes . aron can offer 50 discount for daily entrance to the spa .
kamil shum will meet sonia at the main entrance to the church on tuesday at 3 pm .
noel , patrick , miranda , morgan and louise went to school together . they will see each other at the reunion . they have a facebook group where they will share the information about it .
rex underwent an operation .
dave was supposed to get john's laundry today .
plaid cymru is a social democratic party in wales advocating independence from the uk .
victoria and alicia think he is an idiot because he hasn't called alicia in a week .
william and madison are planning to meet up for a triple date at 5 on saturday to watch the illumination .
dad's leg hurts . alan will pop by in the afternoon .
they are going to snap to celebrate that harry got the job . maggie helped harry to get it . harry is grateful and maggie will join them for drinks . she has also been added to their group chat in spite of being a woman .
lia has moved to ireland .
jeff is scared to go to michaela's party . he knows his mad ex girlfriend ashley will be there . his friends don't want to distract her . jeff decides he'll get drunk .
jack and amy went to the match on last saturday .
bob will be back at 7 tonight .
diane is meeting her grandmother at an italian restaurant today . gregory will join them next time .
the new burger restaurant at the corner of chapel and college street finally opened . elizabeth and aiden will go there tomorrow . aiden will pick elizabeth up at 9 o'clock .
sara has watched twd finale . sara thinks the show is getting bad and has no purpose . omar enjoys the show .
nancy and neil were supposed to go watch a movie together because neil has to stay longer at work to finish his project . neil will make up to her .
marlene is sick . pola and stephanie will pick up her interlibrary loan .
there is a special obligatory lecture today . apparently , there is an error in a timetable . flavio probably doesn't know about all of this .
jack and dad don't know where mom is .
george would like to buy a car and would like sophie's advice , however she doesn't have any knowledge on the topic . sophie's kid has a rash and they are going to see a doctor .
training starts at 6 30 tomorrow . there's no information about it on the website . larry is aware of that . clothes for dryland training are also required .
dan and lisa will have some pizza .
betty will be late tonight so she might miss dinner . mrs florence can pick up susie at 5 and angie at 5 . 20 . justin has already fed whiskers .
pip is going to cook an indian chicken dish on sunday for her and bolton , although he'd prefer beef and he's rather choosy . maggie is going to send her some recipes .
alex bought tickets to an arctic monkeys concert for darcey and himself .
cynthia is in front of the house . ann is on her way to join her .
tamara and john are bored . john is at work . tamara is at the airport . tamara will bring armani si for monica , and belgian beer for john and christa .
sergey and pamela are at a party . daniel will be there within an hour and a half .
lisa came to veronica's party uninvited . it was supposed to be a party for the closest friends and family ,
asia and ola are talking about marysia who is getting married . the couple is in warsaw now , but asia is busy and will not meet them .
kate just witnessed an accident in which a man was hit by a lorry . he died in the hospital . kate got a day off , ann will come to her place today after work .
fleming will be at osmond place at 11 to drive him to the city .
mario is going to buy bread .
quinn went to the cinema with christine and monica last wednesday to see bohemian rhapsody . he enjoyed it . delilah wants to see it too .
rachel has already sent the newcastle invoice for taylors . john has finished editing the stafford invoice and rachel will send it now .
larisa and hubert are sharing a flat . hubert took all the spoons . larisa wants him to wash the spoons and to give themn back and to vacuum the hall .
sam wants to end the contract with david . in the meantime david was already looking for someone to replace sam . hopefully sam will be released from the contract next week .
there was an accident on alan and kev's way to work . car is crashed . ambulance came . alan is thinking about traffic jam that it caused , kev is happy to still be at the office .
przemek is applying for a pilot's license . it's not cheap and przemek is stressed that he will fail the exam .
it was the worst breakup for jane . stephanie wants to take jane for drinks . jane is not sure she is ready for that . jane appreciates stephanie's care .
michael is going to sydney . jake is going to visit michael before his journey .
jane and harry will talk on the phone in the evening .
tim had an amazing weekend in cracow and will tell kate the stories in costa in 15 minutes .
annie and tom will go for holiday to antalya next weekend . their flight will leave at 22 30 on friday and they will come back at 7 am on monday . tom will book the flight now .
chloe got 85 in the trigonometry test thanks to liam's help . cloe is heading for humianities at university despite this success .
ludde and peter will go out for a beer later .
henry estimates he , jane , karen , henry , peter and daniel will need around 2 3000 for two weeks . they will stay at airbnb . they want to see the grand canyon , los angeles , san francisco , las vegas , yosemite , a sequoia forest and monterey . they'll go in september .
harry has failed the test . he got 50 .
the restaurant is open monday friday 10 8 and saturday 12 8 and closed on sundays . the menu can be found in the photos on the facabook fanpage .
cassidy is looking for her glasses . they are not in the bathroom . she finds them in the fridge .
barbara is at the coop . barbara will buy salt and tomatoes at thomas' request . barbara will be home in 30 minutes .
nat and tom are too tired to continue studying for tomorrow's exam .
jodi is busy around the babies she takes care of . jodi can't limit the number of babies as she needs the money . rick is drawing a garden plan for his clients . jodi and rick are worried their parents won't be able to retire soon .
yoan asks mark to lend him his ps3 and one of the co op games . marc has no such games but he recommends yoan a cheap video game store nearby .
theresa and guto are on the way , close to cambridge . they will be there in an hour . mary is waiting .
johnnie and jeffrey are going to have pizza capriciosa today .
carol will let the contractor in to get the boiler fixed at 2 on mel's request .
libby wants susie to buy eggs and ham , she will prepare frittata for dinner .
michelle's parrents got her a puppy .
patsy's car is in a garage , so she needs a lift . laurie will pick up patsy and elfrida at 8 at patsy's place . elfrida will drive on friday .
jc sent pictures to kate .
katherine and jonas will send him an email to extend the deadline for their assignment as they have been too busy since the semester started .
monica left her cable yesterday at josh's place . monica will be in 1 hour .
jane is awake but sleepy . anette thinks the cold weather will wake her up . it was hailing yesterday . jane dislikes winter .
brian has a meeting at 11 am , so he's not getting up before 10 .
cody is interested in it even though it's for march . he will come to angela tomorrow around 8 pm .
paul is going on a cruise next year in may with his family and he invites katelin to join them . she is excited , as she never went on a cruise but always wanted to .
fred is going to have a baby and he can't wait for it .
jessie and luke take the train to tom s birthday party which starts at 5 .
jonathan and lia have troubles in their relationship . she'd already asked him for some more time . nevertheless , jonathan invited lia to the cinema on saturday . lia agreed .
larry and diana talk about their homework . they have to prepare an english essay on the pygmalian , an essay about the hemingway's book and an essay for the history classes . larry is better at history classes . he will wrote an essay about the civil war , as he has recently watched avengers civil war .
marnie has sent cheryl an email with a detailed list of assigned dishes . cheryl didn't get it . she has to check her spam folder . she should bring the food in a covered , regulation sized casserole .
preparing for the current gameweek kirk transferred out mendy and put two west ham footballers against city . rio hesitates between alonso and doherty to engage in the chelsea tottenham match . kirk advices to go with alonso .
glen will visit jen to cook her dinner and watch a movie together because she is feeling unwell .
william is tired at his biology class because he went to a party last night .
adam and zach will meet by the station to try out a new 10 kilometer route .
james bought dvds with all dynasty episodes . jeff and james are watching dynasty tonight . ann will join them .
scarlett is organizing a meeting about politics in central europe at the aseees conference . she's looking for panellists with names and knowledge about the topic . carter will talk to a famous historian called pieter judson , who has written a book about the habsburg empire and its fall .
cora doesn't want to play the game because she can't play regularly and doesn't feel good at games . also she plays on ps4 while brooklyn plays on pc and you can't play cross platform .
rob has a hangover . adam will bring him a bottle of coca cola for relief .
nickie's home for the weekend and wants to organise a ladies night with janine and nickie . nickie has a lot going on recently at work and the university . they'll all meet up on saturday .
matthew has left the house to run some errands . connie started a new job a few weeks ago . ben has just started working for a start up .
gunther and tracy are waiting in the main hall .
lucas's dating sarah again .
beatrice will not make it to the lunch with blake . they have some issues with deliveries and she needs to stay in the office .
colin apologized to bruce . bruce wasn't upset with him .
josh works as a skiing instructor in switzerland and he's really happy with his job . tina's corporation job is not so fascinating . they're going to spend a skiing weekend in the high mountains in two weeks .
lora was busy at work recently . she got a promotion and a raise . now she is senior account manager and has less work than before . lora and michelle will go shopping together on saturday . lora will pick michelle up in the morning .
zara has a fever and she hasn't come for a meeting . cory will do economics assignment for zara . in exchange , zara will do cory's assignment for her , next week .
chloe's working from home and she's sending her friends reality show videos . they are not ambitious , but they work very well as a background noise .
jake's flight was postponed by 24 hours . mia will be at the hospital with pa when he gets his results . jake will cook a meal on thrursday or friday for mia and pa .
xavier and peter have at least 3 scenarios to choose from . xavier wants to try the berserker . xavier needs to retire his current character first .
alison claims that programmers left early because they're not party people . alison notices that maggie can be very negative . maggie took alison's hairdryer and they had an argument at 5 am . owen can't understand why the girls get up so early to work which starts at 9 am .
jack , jonathan and leo are living in the uk and they are worried about brexit . jack , jonathan and leo believe gb will regret getting rid of foreigners .
maria will be working part time at the call centre next year . spencer works 16 hours a week at a cafe and the rest of the week on his pictures . he earns about gbp 1000 plus the cafe wage .
simon can't talk now . simon will be free at 5 .
nick and ethel had a secret santa last christmas . they are going to ask their parents to do the same this year . tom is in milan this week . he is stressed out , because he's awaiting a promotion .
vicky has a new hair colour . ben and matilda think she looks nice .
sally has invited julia to a small party on new year's eve . she has sent julia a link to the event . julia will get back to sally after consulting with sebastian .
justin is getting married . he proposed to michaela yesterday . brigette is happy for them . justin will call parents to tell them about it .
she's really mean but has a lot of power due to the affair with the boss . she got fired in the end .
mary is pregnant but she doesn't want to find out if it s a boy or a girl . john is happy for her .
arthur has back pains . he has an x ray scheduled for tomorrow at 10 am . henry is coming at 9 . 15 to give him a lift .
rosie got stuck in the traffic . henry is waiting for her impatiently .
patrick didn't watch the news today . susan doesn't watch the news at all . japan is giving vacant homes away . susan's always dreamed of moving to tokyo .
martha's boyfriend is throwing up in the toilet . he's sick and this should bring relief .
brian and mike got married .
thomas notifies barbara that frank didn't turn up at school today and hasn't submitted his late report . thomas offers help if needed . barbara will check on the issue .
fred and brian want to go to see the match at the pub , but brian has to check if it's possible for him . brian's child is sick .
jessica won some beauty products on facebook . jessica won't be using some of the stuff so will share with rose and priscilla .
mia is coming back probably at 10 pm .
lucy is taking antibiotics .
jessica and andrew have not seen richard's watch .
reed tips off harvey about a trailer on youtube .
sarah and tim will watch a comedy this weekend .
oakley is organizing a 10 km charity bike ride in local forests for children with cancer .
brenda remembered to do the laundry .
becky doesn't know if she can make it home for christmas . her work requires them to work on the christmas day or the new year's and they need to figure it out .
neil informs matt that they do not have homework for tomorrow but there will be a maths test . he advises him to do some exercises from the course book in preparation .
phil didn't recognise hope even though they went together to middle school . he thinks they should have a coffee to catch up . he doesn't have the same phone number he used to but he still uses this app .
harry has a first day in a new job as a graphic designer . nancy , rob , mandy , jamie , jo , lily and karen are supportive .
a new restaurant opened down the street . it serves everything pizza and kebab and some thai and chinese . jessica and mary went there last week , but the food was not good . robert nearly invited gemma to a date there . he is not a great fan of italian cuisine , but jessica loves it .
bam and ross will meet tomorrow and will think whether to stay at ross's or go somewhere else .
martin , irene and dorothy are at the cinema to see that gentleman . irene and dorothy have already taken their sits .
lucy doesn't answer her phone .
luisa , santiago and anita are meeting for a dinner tonight . anita will bring the food and she'll cook . santiago will bring sweets and wine . he will come at 7 30 .
jenny bought an avocado and has plenty recipes to share .
mackenzie asks anne and dakota about their opinion about it . they are excited . mackenzie allows them to borrow it .
angela got stuck at work and she needs to cancel her plans for tonight with frank .
harry has adam's math book . he will give it back to adam tomorrow .
gina has to wear glasses . she has two pairs to choose from , and she doesn't know which one she should get . lea , lucas and daniel recommend gina buying both of them .
lenny invites barack to come to his place in cracow during christmas . they can play fifa on the playstation 4 lenny bought .
drake parked close to the school and is waiting for elis . elis is going .
rhonda signed up for a dating service online . she got many messages from men interested in going to bed with her . the topless pictures from a beach in france are the problem , as janette says . rhonda will take them down .
tom found sara's yesterday looks amazing . his sister inquires about the dress , so sara sends him a link to the online shop where she bought it for 200 .
kelly and greg weren't going to the gym lately . kelly watches tv after work . they got the gym membership together . they will go 3 days a week .
she asked patrick to come back early , but he forgot and went to the pub instead . she's angry . robert advises patrick to buy her flowers and chocolates .
jacob asks his mother to wire 970 dollars to his friend jason , as he cannot do it due to his otp not working . but the number jacob is calling from is not listed on sandra's messenger , so she asks him to phone her so that she can confirm his identity .
it's jim's birthday . tim is not coming to the party as he has to babysit hist 13 year old little sister . tim is missing events lately , because he has to do this . tim's parents don't think tim's sister is old enough to stay home alone . tim would move out , but doesn't have the money .
angela found out that daisy is dating glen as she broke up with sandy . brad saw them together last week but 2 days ago it turned out glen was cheating on sandy .
darcey is going to cheap trick concert next weekend . the concert will be held in nottingham . darcey needs to find a place to eat .
sara and jason are looking for a flat . the one sara found is not far from josh's office . she will contact the owner .
peter has just bought a gregory baltoro bagpack . he tried it on in the store and it was perfect .
lil needs to print something and the printer doesn't work . spud can print the file for lil .
gloria is wearing a cheesy dress today . rowland fancies gloria no matter what she wears .
liam is flying to the car next month to work for the un .
mary has found lizzy's skirt in her case .
tom has postponed the meeting with jerry till wednesday at 9 .
nora , tanya and jenny will meet in front of the main entrance .
jake and frank will go and see the new marvel movie tonight around 8 .
lisa , nancy and donna are meeting for cake at double r today .
mary looks for a christmas present for her dad . as dad is a great football fan , bruce recommends a hat or jacket with a name of his favourite team .
sally's student room is still free . jennie's friend needs accommodation for her son for 2 months . sally will be glad to rent the room .
magda and piotr are discussing a march in poland . piotr has to go through the city centre where the march is taking place . the march has been peaceful so far . piotr and magda are upset by the march .
daniel's going to sergey's party , he'll be there in an hour and a half . pamela's already there .
kate is sending him to the cinema so she can meet with courtney for drinks .
finn and jo are getting married . rory is working on the wedding speech . finn and rory are scottish , so they'll be wearing kilts . they are planning to meet to discuss the stag party and other wedding related things .
rob booked three hotels for his and alex's trip to rome , of which amore roma is the best .
mehdi gave mr jacobsen's diploma and transcripts to marc to store . annie wants mehdi to make sure they are secure .
jake is waiting for meredith and paula .
david was flying from rome to warsaw last night when he noticed vienna . emily and alyssa invite david over offering a visit to the donauinsel and a stay in alyssa's place .
mike needs to stay longer at work today . he's going to be at least one hour late for a meeting with anna .
arthur and linda agree to decorate their apartment in the hygge style .
jean had a conversation with joan that he feels was inappropriate of him . jean would like to know what joan decides . joan feels overwhelmed and doesn't want to decide at all . joan's past decisions left her broken hearted . jean feels the same way .
jack will be late but he'll bring more wine . june will tell the guests to come later .
mike is with sam .
freddie and hollie had a meeting .
deb loves reality shows . virginia watches a trash reality at channel 7 .
karen will get mortgage to buy an apartment . kate is looking for a job .
after a long time jack asked amanda to go to the party with him next week . she is hesitating .
eden is happy with jenny's warning .
tatiana questions the sense of human existence but betty cheers her up .
martin and nora will meet at his flat tonight . nora will bring wine .
elliana wrote louis last night when he was sleeping . louis slept almost 3 hours .
bradley will be late .
kai , conor and emily are working in tamgaly with kazakh team . there are about 5000 petroglyphs discovered by archeologist in 1957 .
holly , josh , jake and liam are going for a drink tonight .
jessie has chosen a blue dress for monica to wear tonight .
ron will borrow a drill from henry in the afternoon .
freya got a card from noah . freya sent noah some boxes today .
flora took a flight . the team is getting along well . flora will put the boys' clothes in the washing machine . granny visited franz who gave her vegetables from his garden and the old wake board . granny will arrive for a lunch with flora .
abigail and sarah are watching andriej rublov tonight .
barbara and john are planning their honeymoon in italy .
david will send michelle wedding pictures . michelle will stay here one more day . david may go to damian's house today . michelle is in tesco buying coke and juice .
hanna bought herself a new backpack .
lori enjoys actual books . lori wants to go to the bookstore to get the new biography of charlotte bronte . jonathan prefers reading on his mobile devices .
glen informs ellen of the location and time for the morning briefing . he also confirms the dinner and drinks are paid for by the company .
tim needs to talk to his dad , barry . barry has a meeting now and he will call tim back in 10 minutes .
alex and kelsey were studying the entire week for the exam they had yesterday and both got 3 , while denis cheated and got 5 . the girls are upset .
carl believes the new lost in space series on netflix is a waste of time . carl recommends outlaw king and a film which is probably called finale operation featuring ben kingsley .
a guy was hit by a car in front of marianne's block . it's awful but it happens every day . jane , mandy and marianne are meeting today at 9pm at their pub .
mark will send his essays next week .
rick missed ackerman's class today because of a medical appointment . beverly will send him her notes tomorrow in the afternoon .
tina is on vacation with her husband in rome . they explore a lot of places . kate's son left on sunday . she misses him .
mike is downstairs . jenny wanted to let him in 5 minutes later but the door didn't work . jenny is coming down .
patty has been busy so she has forgotten to apply for a grant . she will spend tomorrow in bed because she is tired . rebecca thinks a week off is a better idea .
val broke up with vicki because of her attitude . kate thinks he should make peace with her as they are working together .
ali didn't take out the trash and lola cannot do it either as she already left for work 10 minutes ago .
pat wants to leave in 10 minutes . tony wants to leave now .
jennifer and brad are going to stay in maldives for one month . they are also thinking of visiting laos . jennifer will be home after 6 . 30 , so brad is going to cook something .
patricia will come over and listen to joanne play the piano . they want to reactivate their hobbies .
grandpa will help leo tomorrow afternoon .
beatrix and susan will meet for a beer at the fiasco tonight . edward is bartending at the fiasco tonight .
megan and peter will have a dinner on valentine's day . they don't buy gifts for each other , because they save money for trips . they're saving for a cruise right now .
zak and clay will see each other at the evening prayers .
catherine hasn't seen anabelle on facebook since a month . she's afraid she's having problems again . catherine texted adrianne about it . she said everything's alright with anabelle . mary and catherine are going back to the university in 2 weeks .
alice and george want to try out 2 broke engineers today .
they all jokingly agree that being single is fun , at least when you are young .
eli won't tell sophia's sister about her .
carol is going to have a 3 hours long individual polish lesson .
stan will get a bottle of wine to cheer paula up .
mike and tom are mad because there were no discounts they wished for on black friday . tom wanted to buy a tv but they were even more expensive . mike is surprised , he got 50 off the headphones he wanted .
tonia wants bella to come at 7 30 instead of 7 00 tomorrow as she has to baby sit longer .
charlotte will pick nana up at 10 a . m . nana loves french toasts and peanut butter sandwiches for breakfast .
colin and stephanie got engaged .
fred wants to watch metropolis with his friends . they suspect he only needs them for their screens . harry has the biggest screen .
jenna's 30th birthday is coming near . she wants to get a book . emma , lucas , julia and brad will buy her one book each .
this year isabella and ava want to buy nice and useful gifts . ava doesn't want to spend too much time on it . isabella's solution is online shopping .
the delivery guy will be there in 15 minutes but jula is still at work .
lilly will take her kids to the after school classes as long as they enjoy it . noah supports his kids in football and french lessons . harry go swimming together with his kids , they also take piano lessons .
joshua and lucy are going to kfc tomorrow . lucy finishes her class at noon .
ross shows paul and martin the new design for the college team kits . paul and martin would like to order them . ross will send them the size chart and link to the form , martin will order for paul as well .
sylvia and frank have both voted against brexit and are wondering why people would vote to leave .
averi and rylen try to make a plan for this weekend . they'll meet at rylen's and help her mother making food . averi will bring vegetables and all other things needed .
david is on the bus to get to sean . he's awaiting him and the bed is warm .
grace and jacob are going to the movies at 7 . 30 pm .
penny has to leave now and cannot be talking to leonard anymore .
tracy and ian are settling in vidanta , yucatan after a four week drive . they are staying here two weeks . the resort is rather luxurious but they are staying in a mid range suite . they enjoy the views and relax . before coming back to mexico , they go to cuba for four weeks .
isa has a bottle of wine of unknown kind that she wants to use up . kurt will bring 2 bottles of sparkling wine to isa tonight .
ketty has never googled her name .
having problems with his parcel delivery , joseph consulted his case with customer support and the driver . joseph will pick up the package from the parcel shop in the evening or tomorrow morning .
polly is playing a gig tonight at the new orleans tavern at 8pm . the ticket is 15 quid , but she put jen's and sam's name on the guest list .
edward will call deborah in the afternoon for some advice .
annie wants to rent a room from jen , but she cannot pay the full deposit up front as she just started a job and is not getting paid until next month . she would like to see the room but none of the options jen offers fits her .
constance , martha , willow and thomas are interested in a hebrew course at their university . the course costs about 300 , but there are grants if it turns out to be useful for students' study or career .
mike has not seen annie today , so stu informs him that annie has died her hair blue . stu preferred her previous purple hair . for mike annie is a cute anarchist chick . her pretty friend liz still has the same green hair .
it's winter . larissa edward , harold , janet and martina are meeting for movies and beer at larissa's place today .
ralph , percival and stephanie are having a very difficult typology exam in 2 weeks . they need to learn more than 120 pages .
kim wants to meet annie and grace in the cafe . grace can't make it .
jane is going to use the services of an agency to find a nanny for her infant .
konrad reveals to tom that he and his 2 brothers are 16 , they all like volleyball and computer games . konrad also likes learning foreign languages and dancing . tom is 17 , likes listening to music , chatting on snapchat and playing computer games .
harry is going to present something in patrick's seminar in may . seminar main topic is state violence . patrick will introduce harry to sean brady after the seminar .
david will buy 2 bottles of wine for barbara .
emily , diana and mary don't want to go to luisa's birthday party , but they feel obliged to .
simon's sister has already two cats , but she is thinking of getting a dog . simon shares this information with paula . they are both skeptical but decide not to judge .
layla is busy and has a lot of work . alex suggests going to athens together . alex wants to go by plane , from friday to tuesday . the price for flight and accommodation psyri hotel is very low . layla will book the hotel . alex will book the tickets .
fran's party left anna's apartment 10 minutes ago , having left the keys in the mailbox . they are on their way to the airport by taxi and will have breakfast there . anna wishes them a good flight and says they are always welcome to stay at her place again .
philippe has issues with a girl on facebook .
ada can't go to the swimming pool today because of her period .
jerry and antoine are too busy to go to the movies tonight .
clark and emma are considering samoa as their next holiday destination , but the flight is expensive .
there's a shakeup at bill's work . bill and anna aren't going anywhere for easter , so they will meet with the kids and go to mc .
tony run into hannah and thinks paul should talk to her some time .
jason is cleaning his room tonight .
manuel is buying christmas presents at the last moment . george recommends dmail to manuel .
carol came back home safe after meeting with liam and she has his jacket .
marc will replace hazel for the intermediate class at 4pm today and will get paid for that hour . jason can call hazel to get more info on what the kids have been doing . marc will be in his office .
everybody says oscar is a saint . michelle has juicy gossip for paul .
winston insists on watching breaking bad again but clifford is against it .
jim does not like messaging , so viv is going to call him instead .
victoria , maria and madison are reviewing material for the exam .
will and jake like mexican and thai food .
noah , tom and john are going to the festival in leeds on friday . charlie and benjamin are going to joun . noah will pick ub benjamin after work .
the best way to go to big tesco is by car . bus 497 goes to tesco .
aiden is probably going to get julia a cd . maria is baking julia a birthday cake .
stan will miss his workout with ned today . stan has to go shopping before his business trip . he cannot go shopping at the weekend because he will be busy spending time with emmy .
jane and chris are going out as it's friday so want ann to join them . ann needs to relax at home as she's tired .
luke will bring chinese food for dinner .
richard and terry are joining malia for a snack at cyber cafe in 3 minutes .
harvey , cathy and sylvester will be late . tammy reserves seats for them .
ross has an umbrella . monica will borrow an umbrella from ross . monica came to ross for the umbrella .
kat and mia are ready to hit the town tomorrow night .
jayce is worried jackie is not into him , because she didn't give him her number . peter is sure jackie is seeing someone else . peter is a neighbor of jackie and he sometimes sees her with another man .
frank and tony are rehearsing on wednesday night . frank will pick up dave on the way in . frank's girlfriend might come along . frank and tony will rehearse the new set .
greg offers jim a contract for a summer . he's building a lifeguards' team . they will meet and talk about the offer .
anna will make some food and host a christmas party for christina , alex and eva . eva will do the dishes after . they are organising secret santa and the budget is 30 bucks .
sandra asks alexia if she locked the door and put her hat on . she did .
aiden will help mia solve the 3rd question .
james and john want to buy a car and travel across the us . john wants noah to go with them , because it will be cheaper . noah agrees . they will be in touch .
drake and fran will meet tonight at fran's place .
costa rica used only renewable energy for 300 days a year .
teresa is planning to buy a flat together with sam , and they've already seen some flats . jesse likes the one they saw yesterday , but it didn't have a cellar .
adrian's leg has healed well . jan has started using actifry because it is safer and less fattening . jodie will get back to jan before they meet on friday .
bella and eric will watch a movie .
betty and zoe don't understand spending 100 on a fancy pen as a gift for someone .
dave is planning a birthday surprise for his friend . stacy isn't sure vodka is a good gift . others got him pole dancing course .
in search of photos from the party , sabine texted frankie , but she got a wrong number from mitch .
lottie couldn't come to dinner . tracy forgot lottie couldn't come .
loren hates him .
emily is going to ray's birthday party next saturday . she will prepare mixed salad and bring beers to the party at 6 after her yoga class .
clara is going to join her mother at the seaside tomorrow .
brandon will write to mom when he gets to the reception .
jacob is in class and needs elisabeth to explain the difference between backa and banat .
tony would like to buy a new game and asks for francis's opinion on architects of the west kingdom . francis is not keen and recommends tony to try it before he buys it .
marylin is on a business trip . the company's office is near the museum .
sonia has just arrived at the party . there are many people . sonia and sam will see each other soon .
lia sends tom and tim a photo from monaco .
brody's gym membership in gladiator is over . he plans to renew it .
paul quit his job yesterday because most of his friends got laid off . he has money saved and will find a new job soon .
mike and bart will go to matthew's by scooter at 5 . 30 , because paul broke mike's muffler and mike can't afford a cab .
jim and tom went to the meeting .
matthew recognizes his sister on the video sent by george .
chet has a tinder date tonight . marvin , erin and tamara are going to meet at the etiopian place at 9 . afterwards they'll go to a free concert at café oto .
lia wants to start reading japanese literature . she didn't like haruki murakami . michael , miko and pieter recommend her ryu murakami , osamu dazai , especially his setting sun , mishima and kawabata .
chuck and don are playing ps . don is playing fifa .
tommy got a job in grein hotel . tim is surprised and responds in an ironic way . tommy gets frustrated and insults tim .
ethan has a new apartment . holly think it's horrible .
mylie is moving out in two weeks but hasn't told her yet . mylie is afraid to tell her because she will be angry .
jen's husband is away for this weekend , so geri and jen are going to meet up . on friday , they will drink wine and watch netflix . on saturday , they will go out to find a man with whom geri can have sex .
isabelle goes to the circus with ryan , irma and natalie . neomi doesn't want to go , because of the animals which are there .
melissa will arrive soon .
jessica wishes he will be with her .
chloe and daisy go shopping on saturday . chloe will pick up daisy around 10 .
angie is not sure about wearing a red hat with a green coat so wants robin and rosa's opinion .
lianne , nancy , pamela and zaz are going to do secret santa this year . pamela will create a poll to set the date . they set the limit to 15 .
karmen's parents are leaving so she's inviting cade over .
sandra has a gift for linda in her bag . alice is sure linda will like it .
alice and meryl claim that despite the fact that latifa is a princess in the uae her situation is hard . alice compares it to the situation of the western women who're 'imprisoned' by motherhood , households , etc . arnold tries to argue but at last gives up .
joan made spaghetti which looks very tasty . alexis is going to do something similar on saturday .
phoebe is annoyed by her mother's talk . allison has some health issues and decided to use private health care .
the afternoon classes are cancelled .
ruth got lost , but freya told her which way to go .
oscar will bring ben on friday night . abi will reserve a spot for him at open mic , but she told oscar to not be late for his shift .
fred's looking for a sci fi tv series to watch , jessica recommends handmaid's tale . he can watch it on subsmovies . com , because it's not on netflix .
carrie and matt are in love with each other .
caroline is meeting monica tonight at 8 pm in caroline's place . nicole will join them , she will bring some wine and cheese . caroline is almost done with her course and nicole is starting her renovation .
misty will arive in 2 minutes and kim in 5 minutes .
arianna will need to show the booking confirmation to the driver .
amy wants to see charlie's new house . charlie will see amy on friday at his new place .
ann is looking for a wedding dress .
the mayor was fatally shot on stage during city celebrations . the perpetrator was caught promptly .
fiona wants to repaint her room . larry is going to help her under the condition she picks the colour before they go to the store .
mia and ruby are going to meet at olivia's place at 5 30pm to go together for a party at john's place .
dominik wants to buy a computer as a birthday gift for his girlfriend , who is a graphic designer and plays the guitar . marek comes up with three suitable offers .
morris is tired and is going to sleep now instead of partying .
dennis will send photos when he gets there .
jack likes how irene looks . irene sends a photo of herself to jack . irene is with her coworkers right now . irene and jack will meet tonight .
elaine can't find the hammer alfonso lent to malcolm . she gets it in the end .
jack shares a cute picture .
mai , tomas and adam will meet at the hill at 6 . 30 tomorrow to do the shooting .
there is a fight , someone has a knife , the police is probably on its way . mary , terence , jeniffer , jan and ann do not want the police to find all the drugs , so they are leaving the building asap .
emma will not wait for anthony with dinner .
beau got the tickets to depeche mode .
theo wants to expand his collection during the new steam sale , but he's not sure what to get . he usually buys games which he won't play for ages , just because they were cheap . joey is waiting for a good deal on ac rogue , like 75 , whereas the biggest drop was 60 .
wilson invited rebecca to the party . it makes robert feel awkward , because rebecca has been hitting on him knowing he has a girlfriend . jenna and wilson do not believe robert . robert is not sure if he should come to the party with his girlfriend .
jax will join sabrina at gerri's show at the arts centre next weekend . gerri is one of sabrina's lovers .
darren is at the door . jim didn't hear the doorbell and he will be right down .
peter just heard someone saying that the earth is flat and thought he misheard it .
james forgot to call the clinic .
lydia and cathy have cats . lydia will finish packing soon . they are arriving tomorrow at home at 7 pm . the weather is cloudy with a bit of sun , no rain though . cathy watered the plants .
tina's brother has been dumped by his girlfriend so he's miserable . hannah offers help .
geraint and meg are struggling with a deadline for their written work . meg drank a lot of coffee . geraint drank red bull and doesn't feel well . meg advises him to drink water and take a nap . meg and geraint are going for a drink when they finish .
wendy will meet batista in the bookers for lunch .
george and john are meeting up in 20 minutes . george will bring john some boardgames and marlboro gold in a hard pack .
pierce will send gabriella his notes from today's meeting . gabriella is confused as to the client's website proposal themes .
walter talks with donna about last night . donna doesn't remember much . she's got a headache . walter wants to meet donna today . he offers to come and bring her breakfast . donna wants to be left alone .
aly's dad is not in good health . his radiation therapy isn't working , and aly's mom is not able to cope with it . kat is going to pray for aly's family tonight .
jazlyn has been busy this week studying for her final examination tomorrow . luciano still feels unstable in his self assessment but has started to develop better habits .
tay is happy about 60 discount on sodastream spirit on amazon , but becca can't afford it .
aaron is drinking a beer outside . he accidentally locked himself out . debora will come and let him in .
tito needs more jars to pickle vegetables . rose and peppa will come by on friday to learn it .
john didn't watch the lakers game last night because he was studying for a history test and he doesn't like basketball .
kelly will send adam the template for the cover page of the report .
charlene has got a headache and she won't be with miley and crystal today .
jordan will bring a coffee cake , gluten free cupcakes for tina , flowers and wine to mum's in 45 minutes . he was not able to get a chocolate cake .
ben's worried she's not here and doesn't respond to calls or texts .
frank has kissed someone .
hank has to check his email , because he should have received an important message .
amy might be the only person in the office today . helen will come in 2019 .
ollie is sick of his mum moving stuff around his place , so he's going to talk to her about it .
vick doesn't have a lighter , as she doesn't smoke .
katie thinks she needs to change her tires .
kids who were present every day during this term have been awarded . stacey's and helen's kids did not receive any because they were sick . stacy and helen think the idea is strange and will intervene at school , so they would stop awarding kids randomly .
olga is looking for a new job after just 3 months in a new place . her boss is harsh .
liz , linda and barbara are unhappy about the costs of seeing broadway shows . they name the shows that they would attend if they could easily afford it .
natalia and ann are going to attend a concert together . the tickets for sitting places cost 159 pln . natalia will check where to buy them and let ann know .
ellis is in the office in manchester and the bad atmosphere there makes him really tired . he is going to inform tom about it . oscar invited ellis to go fishing on sunday .
john noticed that eric was upset today . eric's uncle died of heart attack .
dora thanks thekla and ulrich for an evening . dora pays thekla compliments . richard fell asleep on the sofa during the dinner . ulrich and thekla washed and cleared up the same night after the dinner .
agatha is getting married and needs emily , ana and clint's physical addresses to send them invitations .
carson wants to go to travis scott's gig . jeanine doesn't like him anymore . evan has doubts since travis invited her on stage and forbade her from singing the n word , but he will consider going .
everything is becoming more expensive . andrew is upset because his electricity bill for 6 months is 500 .
caron is looking for a tropical wall mural to decorate her bedroom next week . they're really cheap , decoration for the whole wall costs 30 . andy small will have to come to see caron's decorations .
poppy has decided to buy a coffee mill . poppy might buy the same coffee mill as damian's .
liam will confirm the time of the match and call back to alex .
anna and jan will have a drink on friday . anna doesn't know what to wear to the party , so jan will go shopping with her . jan's work is cancelled and she's free all day , but anna works at 6 pm . they will meet in the morning , study a few hours and then go shopping .
sara will answer todd's email tomorrow .
kate is in the side chapel of the church .
sue and leanne arranged the meeting for friday night at 7pm .
becca bought a new dress but she is worried it can be inapropriate for work . hope's boss is crazy about morals , which is unbearable , but hope guite likes her job and wishes he will get promoted so that he wouldn't work with her directly anymore .
andy will buy dried fruit , laxatives , seeded loaf , cheese and ham at tesco on amy's request .
at the bonfire two drunk people tried to jump over the fire simultaneously , collided mid air and landed in the fire . neither one was badly hurt though .
hugo's neighbour set their building on fire . hugo and his family had to run from flames at 2 am . céline offered them help .
sean enjoyed keiran's performance last night . keiran tried to mimic frank murphy who was their physics teacher . keiran has got a matinee performance on saturday , but he may go to andy's party .
jimmy's car has broken down , it was fine yesterday , but then amy couldn't start it . he'll borrow carrie's mercedes that she'll drive into the city . he'll drive her back home .
nancy doesn't like the photo sid has just shared , he looks like a teenager wannabe .
mike's looking for his brother sam . sam's girlfriend , susan , hasn't seen him either as he stood her up .
hofmeester and madison are having a video call via skype in 15 minutes .
last year jody dressed up as santa to visit some hospitals . tracy would like to do the same this year but it's too late to apply .
adam is sending mindy a file with parrots .
nina sends many resumes to increase chances to get a new job . nina's contract terminates in 2 months , which is better for her than 3 months notice . nina and pam will go out for a beer as nina has to relax .
kelly is impressed with the final effect of the work matt's team did .
jack and karl will meet at 8 am . jack will bring his large grey suitcase .
lily's coming over to lenny soon .
lara has applied for a job at google .
pat is having the presentation tomorrow at 11 . ben and peter will come to see it . pat is not sure if she will get a pay rise , but she will get a new post .
lisa's toddler son tommy got his first haircut today . he was behaving very well at the hairdresser's .
jenny did research on the medical discourse and the history of psychiatry in italy . she's not ready to present her work to people . she spent a year on one chapter of her dissertation . zenek , marcus and oscar encourage her to participate in the conference in brno in june .
jane is grateful to judy and mike .
kate will correct the mistake in the second row .
thomas read carrie's article .
lindsay and ronnie are going dancing this saturday at kozidrak's party in cocoon .
jake didn't propose to caroline yet , which makes her unhappy . he doesn't have a proper job and caroline crashed his car , so he needs to spend money on that . he will propose eventually because he loves her .
kim is late , because she couldn't find her car keys . they were in her purse . rachel will be waiting outside her building , kim will pick her up and they will go to a show .
leo can't go for a run because it's raining heavily .
roza hasn't been to pizza hut yet .
tom has a jet lag after landing and is still waiting on the plane to go out from it . he'll go to burlington tomorrow .
kent and clark both failed the quiz .
birgit is from estonia .
sid's been studying for the exam all day while lucy and nancy still haven't . lucy expects questions concerning modern history on the exam .
jack invites zack to play some game tonight .
josh sends andrea's number to sara again .
long is studying hotel management in switzerland . long's degree is expensive but has little practical value .
eveline is in a tram . anna will wait for her inside .
jeanie has a new puppy called smooshy . sean is coming over right now to meet it .
barrie is already on the train . kev , his grandson is having a breakfast . barrie took a flight and is going back home after holidays in hot climate zone . there is a lot of snow at home . barrie texted kev's mom .
the best time to visit mine is early autumn , when the trees are full of colours .
bestbuy informed linda about change in delivery date of the fridge . it is on thursday 4 pm . linda has her accounting course until 5 pm . bryan will pick up the fridge . on friday he'll stay longer at work .
joe and barbara have just landed .
mike's sending james' photoshopped picture to everyone . it looks awful so peter tells him to do something with that .
kim has a birthday in two weeks . her favourite flower is hyacinth . suzie has hyacinths in her garden , so she will give them to kim for her birthday .
frederick and raya are after a tough training session with instructor maggie . raya is more satisfied with her than with her previous trainer . she will follow her page to exercise more with her at home .
crispin is feeling better and watching tv .
tim keeps annoying cam by sending him a lot of gifs and memes .
henry and leo are discussing the great movies that they saw .
alice was supposed to introduce her future boyfriend to emma and her husband but eventually she changed her mind . she thought the meeting wasn't fixed but emma understood it otherwise , and this thwarted her plans a little . alice also talked to her roommate about moving out .
suzy confesses to matt and keegan that constance annoys her with some stupid questions .
joana and patrick are going to eat pizza and then go to the cinema .
yesterday , barb went to the bar on the right hand side of the river . tina would be afraid to go there .
hannah has never been to arizona . spencer brought louis a cactus from arizona . louis doesn't know where to put it .
zere , a kyrgyz singer made a song about freedom to wear and do what one wants . she's in the bra on the video which is considered to be controversial . she got death threats because of that .
george weah was a striker and in 2018 he was elected a president of liberia . he played for liberia , milano and monaco . in 1995 he was fifa world player of the year .
daniel , tom , nellie , sadie and sam are telling jenny which series she should watch .
alex confirmed his presence to emily's birthday party on saturday . she suggested to him to offer her some new books as a present .
erick will pick madison up after 19 00 . he will drive madison to the house of tom's parents in the lake district and stay there for the night .
pollard lost his job . his work place is closing at the end of the month .
luxembourg wants to introduce free public transport . tallinn did it 5 years ago and it's worked out well .
hannah is in the christmas metro at ursynow . she has two stops to max and others , so they will wait for her .
alice advises kelly to watch a 2010 movie eat pray love .
matilda and janine will meet ronald on saturday evening .
there was a boat found off guinea bissau coast . there are no survivors . flora talked to a naval officer today . angus read they wanted to get to the canary islands , 1800 km away . guinea bissau became the principal route of drug smuggling from latin america .
a missing girl was found dead yesterday . sam is worried about the safety of his kids .
wendy is bored . she wants to do something else .
maria will buy a 4g internet modem on hassan's request .
dave is going out now . mari is having a coffee before the drive . dave and mari will see each other when mari gets back in about an hour .
audrey and john are trying to figure out what to watch tonight .
ruth is going for a 1 week vacation to new york with her family .
greta works in englad as an au pair . she doesn't like the mom's behaviour . raisa advises greta to call the agency . both girls are meeting in a pub on friday after work .
madison and ralph will go to london for a trip . ralph bought the tickets . madison wants to see oxford , the bodleian library and the natural history museum . ralph wants to see the harry potter studio and tate modern . madison will ask bella for hotel recommendations .
after work amy will visit mom , who will bake her favorite cake .
jessica's flight is one hour delayed , as she informs martin and peter .
ann was looking for her lipstick . she followed her sister oli's advice and found it in her bag .
grayson will come over to nancy's place to see her new cat .
betty enjoyed the party last night but she almost got stuck in the elevator . kelly misses good old college times .
sarah wants to lose 15 kg after pregnancy . she was advised to do sports and go on a diet .
christopher informs karen that aunt josephine fell down and broke her leg and is in hospital now . karen claims that the recovery will be tough for josephine and christopher suggests that they should visit her .
andrew is waiting for luke in the car .
andrew is holding around 50 documents with the name of maddie's dad on them . peter's dog is called peanutbutter .
lisa is angry at grant for not washing the dishes so threatens to return the shoes she got for his birthday .
elli will borrow john's cap , as he's lost his .
simon saw trailer park boys on netflix and thinks it's one of his favourite shows . pete can get a subaccount on netflix for 2 , 5 pounds from simon's friend and he accepts it .
emma will come and visit dennis at university at the weekend 16 17 july . there will be a party on saturday and she will meet everyone .
shawn is getting married with his girlfriend . they are 5 years together . he sent an invitation to katie . katie didn't receive the card . teddy told her the news . katie will come to their wedding .
raelyn wants to watch a movie . tanner suggests they watch a film about 112 operator and describes what it's about .
jane is having an important skype video call and wants to have a mock call with john .
ron is waiting for adam downstairs . adam is on the subway and will arrive in 10 minutes .
gil and eva are going to see a movie on saturday morning . gil's dad invites them for lunch . gil's mum will be there too . eva is stressed .
jacob and harry are stressed about the exam . it will be a multiple choice test and an open question essay . jacob has different learning strategy for each .
owen's message woke robyn up .
bobby is fond of his new brother in law .
amy is not with brody anymore , she's pregnant with someone else . janice , julia and janet are wondering who the father is .
mike , trudy and eve have jordans raisins almond granola at home . mike finds it tasty .
carol invites flora to a 70's or 60's disco themed graduation party .
ollie asks jennie to let the cat in because he's busy playing a game on the pc .
tom is 25 and misses sitting at home playing pc games , as a kid he was bullied so he preferred to play online games . he had no real friends until he met bobby . tom will be at bobby's place in 1 hour .
carrie and wes are coming and will do the cleaning . wes is not sleeping much lately .
jill will accompany dean to a concert which is on saturday at 9 . dean will come over to jill's at 6 and they will have dinner first .
wendy still has a chest infection . she's seen the doctor and started taking medicine yesterday . she doesn't feel any better .
alex is going to help danny with his dissertation . neither liz nor maura have time .
linda has already been in sicily twice . she and john are planning to go to puglia for 2 3 weeks this summer .
ollie was sad today , because his dog died last night .
betty suggests that the new boy who came to their class is shy and she's going to have a talk with him tomorrow .
tatiana , yuval and richard will walk about the trip in the evening .
frank likes macy's red outfit .
julia transferred the fees for the university a few days ago .
betty is preparing the meeting around the 10 12th june . gina thought it was on the 22nd . betty wasn't at the meeting today and she feel like she wasted the entire day .
alexa is standing next to ruben cesar in the ccbb .
the reunion will begin at 2 pm .
wendy's computer does not turn on and bill will come about 2 pm to fix it . the xerox machine at wendy's office needs to be replaced . bill has sent wendy a digital copy of the catalogue . bill will bring wendy the hard copy of the catalogue .
shelley finds the taste of an egg substitute nauseating . elma has made meringues with it and they were delicious . chis reckons is it just an imagined taste .
rory encourages reed to get up from bed .
claire wants mark to come to her today , beacuse there is a spider in her room .
there are no classes today due to a strike . tobias , iris and veronica haven't heard about it before . people who don't take part in the strike have been mentioned by name . a member of the ma group has insulted tobias for not participating . there was a harassment committee at tobias' old university .
miley and jack are in tbilisi . ion recommended that they go to the museum of georgia .
charles finished reading the secret desire and will give it back to carol tomorrow .
mason has a master's degree in italian studies and recommends langenscheidt's and a pictorial dictionary by oxford duden to nathan . he met nathan at joseph's birthday party when he was intoxicated so he doesn't remember meeting him .
amber will do chris's and her laundry in the laundromat . chris has to stay longer at work .
in 2 weeks may , jay and mark will go together to a muse concert at the o2 arena .
the girls are attending dance classes . julia has a cold and she missed the class this weekend .
gary will be waiting at the arrivals gate at 6 40 pm to pick up his daughter stella and josh .
the news about new playstation portable got leaked . it should be released by the end of 2019 .
david will be late . robert is relieved , because he doesn't want to stay with them alone .
georgina will call richie later .
abigail , edith and gabrielle are going to the cinema today to see venom . edith liked the trailer .
heidi is back home . darrell moved to lublanska . he's not happy , because commuting takes over 2 . 5 h . heidi encourages him to buy a new car . heidi and darrell will have lunch at 12 30 .
teddy has plans with his other friends for this weekend and he cannot meet with jim .
lena and simon are discussing their homework . they need to cover the rise to power . last year it was the first half in year 12 then last bit , 33 to 45 for year 13 . lena can edit the file , but she shouldn't go into detail too much .
hannah went out with lucy last night . they had fun , dancing on a bar and kissing some guys . lucy drank too much , so hannah took her to hannah's place by taxi . hannah put lucy to bed and she peed in the bed . emily had also gone out with lucy a few times and it didn't end up well either .
alan used the good old games client for app control when he was playing witcher 3 . he recommends baldur's gate and neverwinter nights 1 2 to tom .
kaycee is sick and can't attend university classes . rachel is worried about her .
egbert was born on may 26th , which makes him a gemini . he doesn't believe in zodiac signs .
harper is watching dance moms so doesn't want to go out with lucas .
fed shows tom two photos revealing the hypocrisy of a politician on closing down the mines .
dan is having a bad hangover .
arden twisted his ankle and needs a physioterapist . he rested for two weeks and started excecising , but the ankle still hurts . aria sends him a contact to a physio and an osteopath .
ryan , william and chad are running out of milk .
yuette's first saxophone class was challenging . saxophones are expensive .
lars and paula are going to buy tickets for sabaton for july .
oscar is back home . george has seen a movie that he enjoyed very much and describes his impressions . oscar wants to see the movie too , but he has to hurry , as the movie is not screened very often anymore .
mark can't take bob to the airport tomorrow at 5 pm because he will be at work . bob will ask tom on mark's suggestion .
it's damian and sarah's 17th anniversary . they are in zakopane and spent the night here . for a church camp , dorothy needs to be at church at 7 am tomorrow , training volunteers and then every day for the camp at 7 am with the kids . she's been working late recently . she used to be a teacher .
jack will pick up allison from the airport tomorrow at 12 45 p . m . allison will be wearing black and carrying a lot of luggage .
kate is going to pharmacy . she will get some vitamin c for louie and will be home in 20 minutes . louie will make coffee .
bob will come to lena's on her request .
harry asked his friends for ideas what to do with little kids . rob suggested zoo , tom aquarium and planetarium , jane outdoor acitivities in a park , nancy visiting local farm , mary swimming pool , emma visiting trenthham gardens , ian dinosaur museum and jacob beason castle .
carol is worried that nick hasn't cleaned his room yet .
daniel is in sorrento and giuseppe is in london . giuseppe doesn't have a girlfriend and his friend matteo has . matteo is moving to birmingham with her .
amalia just arrived home . dangelo is watching the portugal game .
nancy and lisa will meet for coffee in warsaw's city centre at 3 pm .
alice agrees to play fifa with frank .
jessie and scarlett think kate would like to read a biography of aretha franklin . michael will buy it for her .
max and mandy will eat christmas dinner at mandy's mum's place . on christmas eve they'll visit uncle tom and max's mum . the boxing day dinner will take place at max's house . they will do secret santa .
stanley is changing his alarm sound now on pauline's request .
patricia informs arnie that they're having the biology test in the room 13a .
garry , olaf and tadeu are discussing what they like about their girlfriends .
the floor in kate's friend house is made of marble . vicky will think twice before she buys the marble floor as it doesn't tolerate water .
samuel's car got hit in walmart's parking lot at 59 street . joshua will pick samuel up in 10 minutes .
they joke about unhealthy eating habits .
justin and gregory are concerned about air pollution in their city . justin bought an air purifier . gregory is planning to buy one as well .
both elijah and niclause will attend the dinner party at triza's tonight .
carden got the whole 50 shades of gray trilogy on dvd . she wants to watch it with ashley and gilda . ashley and gilda liked the book , but gilda thinks the film is a complete waste of time . she's not interested in watching it . they're going to do something else instead .
lucie watered the plants and got the mail of her father . there are two bills from gp and ra nunn , a lawyer . there was chimney cleaning last week . she scanned the bills and paid one of them . ms shottner organized the chimney sweep . papa wrote to her and she'll take over the errands .
skyler is happy that rose slept well the whole night .
kate finds an event that jon will gladly attend .
dora found a picture of her and bert right before they graduated from uni . brent and dora wants a get together soon .
lark once again ate wendy's yoghurt and she is fed up with it .
amanda will help ben to sort out his travel next month . ben will send amanda his schedule .
joshua's sister wants to know where natalie bought her shirt . it was a gift from a friend and natalie will check where he got it .
gabriel sends peter notes from this week's psychology class . gabriel finds the course pretty easy , but the professor occasionally says something that's not in the textbook .
inge gets her hair done at lounge 58 , on sandy holm street . reggie had an appointment at lounge 58 last week . tracy will book an appointment with fiona . fiona works just three days a week .
ann will buy cheese and ketchup .
eugene and anne are meeting for lunch today . eugene will present anne with a project .
jaxon is very disappointed with the play the team he supported . he wants to quit going to the games . taylor is more hopeful .
benjamin sends a video of his little brother .
nina is taking care of peter . nina will join adam and jill for lunch on sunday .
robin had an argument with a female colleague at work . he works with stewart , ex policeman , that has the same problems . female night staff and cleaners put the rubbish on the floor to check if he hoovers it . she doesn't do any paperwork . the manager supports her . robin needs this job .
kevin doesn't like to be called kev kev , but francis keeps calling him this way .
thomas's bicycle is broken . he will go to a bicycle workshop on crane lane 5 .
wyatt read an interesting article today . according to scientists , differences in use of emojis between people from the east and from the west reflect cultural differences between them .
somebody stole a gun that mungo had bought for sudden attack a week ago . the gun was a game item that costed 200 .
naina wants to find out about today's schedule from her secretary . naina has an appointment with the vice president of narnia industries at 11 am . then she is having lunch party of amber group . naina is seeing mr . jain at 4 pm and has the dental appointment at 6 pm .
gina lost agnes in the park during the walk . fred and mike tell her to come back there , call out , look aroud and ask people about agnes .
greg's new , red mazda has been stolen from a parking near jack's house . greg called the police . sophie's white skoda octavia is still parked there .
allison and emily are going for a coffee together after work .
lilly will send amy the recipe tomorrow . josh and lilly are coming to amy next month .
arianna is coming to portugal , where melanie lives . arianna will rent a car . she will travel with diana , rachel , dave and alan .
abigail has a new kitten from the shelter . they haven't decided on the name yet .
a spontaneous movie night is happening in d1 downstairs at 9 pm . they're going to watch the room , which is the worst film ever .
samantha got an extension as her mom was in hospital and she had no time . rachael is glad her operation went fine . samantha has to finish the project until thursday .
they will meet at cheryl's and play the new bsg expansion . larry and kate will come over at 7 to get acquainted with it . pete will join about 7 45 .
clarence will go on a date with the outfit mary approved , apart from the hat .
ross is at the mall and rose prefers pure black shoes .
barry has a need to stand out from the crowd . recently he had some weird outfit . alice and gwen can't stop thinking about it .
carmen went to the cinema with joseph to see ''kler'' . carmen thinks it is controversial but true and worth seeing but jennifer prefers funny films . carmen is going to university and then to work tomorrow . jennifer suggests shopping later . carmen agrees to go this week except for tomorrow .
joey and gavin are going to the gym at 1 today . mason isn't sure about going yet . the weather is horrible .
elin is stressed before the flight on thursday because the kids are sick . emma is concerned with the information about food containing chemicals .
vanessa talked to mick and will be at stacy's about 7pm . stacy will probably close up the cats in the bathroom and walk vanessa back with buba .
ethan will talk to eric on skype in a minute .
david returned the books to the library last week . now he wants the new crime novel by j . k rowling .
mary loves lea for what she bought her .
geoffrey's drill is broken . francis will borrow his to raymond as he promised molly to put up a new shelf and needs an excuse .
luke feels he needs to be there and will go after work around 6 pm . peggy feels sad about it and doesn't know if she can take it . she will let him know if she wants him to take her with him .
linda and joseph want to pick a birthday present for mary . they will ask mary's rommate , maila , to help them .
penny has bought a sport band . paul is waiting for the christmas sale to buy a black sport band .
jessica will clean the house before the guests arrive .
claude's flight is at 6 am , so he needs to be at the airport at 4 .
matt sends a video with marvel netflix series review . everyone agrees daredevil is the best and they didn't like jessica jones .
julian's girlfriend has birthday tomorrow . wanda and susan recommend julian to buy some flowers and cosmetics for her , eg . burberry lip velvet crush lipstick .
stanley's insurance will be effective starting from december 1 , and it will include dental .
sean misses sophie .
julia will arrive from lille and will be at the airport around 5 pm . martina's sister will wait for julia in hall 2e . martina will travel with vicky and his brother on saturday and go back the same day .
jack is going swimming tomorrow at 4 p . m . jacob can go around 5 p . m . lucas is busy .
john has just left his job . john needs to find a new job quickly . david is not looking for new workers . david thinks christmas and new year is a bad time to look for a job . david will inform john if he hears about a job offer .
terry need joe's , mindy's and jake's e mail addresses to send them a presentation .
derek is not going to hannah's party on friday , but he will tell yasmine some nice things about derek anyway .
larry and susan are looking forward to the party next week but don't want to meet george .
mary bought gus the book 'a letter from the past' .
lilly rents a cottage in scotland .
dorothea and lisa are having a party tomorrow . there are 35 people on the guest list lisa made . dorothea expected about 25 people , but some will take their second half . tommy and juliet managed to book an earlier train and they are also coming .
hedwig and sandra believe amy put mustard in the wrong place . they will talk to amy about this .
oli is angry at jon . jon is coming to him in 10 minutes to apologize .
freddie was sad to see so many obese children yesterday . nowadays children have an unhealthy diet and they do not move much . ultimately , the adults are responsible for this .
laura wants to stay at home and relax .
julia had an interview and it went well . julia is afraid she will get the job and won't handle it . charlie thinks more responsibilities means more money . julia wishes she was her own boss like charlie .
fredrik needs to fill out the annual documents for income tax but he doesn't know how to do it on his own . he will ask henry for help again , as he's coming over for the weekend .
joe has passed the supermarket already , so lucy will get some milk herself .
johnathon is sick , so he stayed at home . mads stayed at home too .
telma is going to buy some cheddar for tom and blueberries for amy at tesco .
joy and lillian will help gary with baking the birthday cake .
patrizia will not vote in brazilian election , she applied to vote remotely . milla was at a concert where an artist asked all brazilians to vote against bolsonaro .
marry and dwyne are going to see each other tomorrow .
pat and lou are waiting for the stream but kevin is not interested as it makes him dizzy .
mel bought christmas presents while evie keeps putting it off to the last minute . they have to buy a lot of gifts for their families . mel is busy with her teaching job too . evie misses it . mel's and evie were invited to christmas lunches , so they do not have to cook .
rafa , sonia and cecily were supposed to read three articles and a novel for today's seminar as well as some articles on cultural memory . sonia won't attend the seminar . cecily read the articles .
he resigned . there were riots . 4 people were killed , the city was paralysed , as jean and kate reports . imf wanted to cancel the subsidies .
jake has to leave one hour early today as he had a meeting with a customer in the lunch time so he didn't eat .
bella wanted to meet with felicia on the weekend . felicia is visiting her parents this weekend . bella and felicia will try to meet next week .
violet's phone is almost out of battery . she wants harvey to bring her the charger on his way to work . he'll do that around 10 .
the score is 4 2 for lions . clarence didn't place a bet on it . sheldon is happy with the result .
eric , greg , and others will have dinner at steakhouse at 9 . 30 pm and have drinks later .
there's a recent sports match that keifer considers good . mike , michael , jeff , cha , alan and pete have varying opinions about how good the game is .
nancy has lost 7 pounds on a new medication . nancy's heart is good . susan and nancy want to get together this weekend . susan will call after work to discuss it .
emily is busy and is going on a business trip next week . jacob wants to have sex with her and is angry that she works a lot .
a new academic year is coming . mandy spent her holiday in brazil .
patrick will stay over at mark's house tonight with sheila's permission . mark's parents are going out , but will be back by 10 pm . patrick will call sheila when he's at the house . sheila is making roast beef for dinner tonight . sheila will save some of it for tomorrow for patrick .
shane , richard and morley wish each other happy new year .
anna will send leah the report on the new football team .
ruth wants to talk to her son dan about his unacceptable grades . dan is trying but ruth reckons he isn't trying hard enough . dan did half of the task in 5 min yesterday . ruth wants dan to be more responsible so she is taking away the xbox .
angie has a hangover after tom's party . megan will bring angie some painkillers .
selma is stuck in traffic . ken is not sure if he can wait for selma for about twenty minutes .
tara's mom bought a new robe so tara and ken need to think of something else .
jose isn't coming to college today because he's sick .
mari has bought a new dress with pockets . eileen wants to find something for herself , too .
jacob will ask if he's allowed to collect harry's pits .
erica is gonna wear a new dress tomorrow .
denis landed , he has some luggage to retrieve , marilyn waits for him at the lino bar . she will bring him to amber's .
palmer used to play guitar and tory wants to learn . torry invited vernon and palmer over to her place tomorrow at 9 pm .
kate can't open the link andy has sent .
kelly left her keys at home , so she will meet matt at the subway at 4 p . m . and they will go home together .
ron apologizes for drunk messaging dorothy . dorothy is still upset . she doesn't want to hear ron for some time .
jack recommends anna the songs of jennie .
stella spent her day cleaning the church and cooking with other members of her church group . suave spent 5 hours playing games with sophia and the others at his place yesterday .
allen wants to buy a gift for his wife's birthday . millie suggests buying a gift card to a spa and a bottle of favourite alcohol . allen likes the idea .
aaron and elias are going to meet on the second floor in 5 minutes .
tom sent a photo of a dog to andrew and jack .
nathan thinks lisa will be fine .
jack is unable to reach jacob , who was supposed to pick him up at the airport . isla is also unable to contact him as she's in france . jacob finally contacts jack . jacob is an hour late .
chris and nancy are commenting on the british people's vote on brexit .
emily got invited by eric to go skiing with him close to karpaty for the whole week . he booked one room with four single beds .
pam left her umbrella at sid's house . she was looking for it .
marta used to teach mariusz english when they lived in kabaty . she read on facebook that he died , which feels strange .
the record store on anderson rd . is about to close . there will be a fundraiser to keep it open .
aria will be paid 40 dollars .
patricia will create a badminton event on facebook .
diana is bored and she wants alex to think of something to do .
paul and martin are going for a hike tomorrow at 8 am . sam probably won't be joining them , because her plane lands today at midnight .
george is home after a long journey . he and sunny will talk after he has had a rest .
alexis has knit a tight skirt and will make another trial version .
lola called carmencita when she was at work . carmencita asks her for sending a message next time , so she could call her during a lunch break .
mildred and hans will meet at some christmas markets next month . they will get some glühwein and maybe lebkuchen or roasted almonds . this friday they will see each other at the party .
connor saw a hummer and a plane in auction and proposes colin that he buy them for the office .
udisha wants to write about dams in india .
betty is at the office . there are new hp computers in sean's department . john's is already broken .
the children are having a fancy dress party today . they will need their costumes . the teacher , daisy , will lend mila a princess dress . costumes for parents are optional .
albert is moving out of le cure and is looking for an apartment in florence . his old apartment is getting sold . he does not want to live in the city centre and wants to have green view from the window .
jamaal wants to date sara but her situation is complicated .
adam invites ann to the cinema after school . he will get back to her with details about what is playing .
exercises 4 7 from page 61 are the math homework for raymond , thomas and jake .
stacy will pick up a battery from the post office on bill's request .
austin has seen it and considers it funny .
lily got sick and could not come visit rita .
vlad is going with his new girlfriend candice to santorini this summer .
steve is driving .
mercy asks jade to bring some weed to the party .
dolly has a speech tomorrow at 6 pm . she will meet with ash at 9 am in his office . he will help her to improve the presentation .
gabe is busy , while fred , steve and sebastian are making fun of him .
frank got mugged in front of the shopping center . he lost his wallet but the muggers did not take his phone . he asked his sister to help him . he is waiting for her in the mall .
peter is in abruzzo .
tom will try to fight insomnia by sports , outdoor activities , relaxing music , warm bath and reading , as well as avoiding screens one hour before sleep .
sarah and george will go for dinner to amicis around 8 . lara will join them .
mark shares a video with steve .
gemma doesn't like the fact that kate's office room is messy .
tina saw cobra on the tram . tina thinks cobra might have gotten fat .
raphael has left ricky and amalia .
sonia took 8 am group for ib . emma and jill want to take the 15 10 one .
mel moved north , lives in lille now and doesn't have whatsapp anymore . sophie wants to get in touch with mel , but mel is often either busy or in a bad mood . mel and sophie decide to talk tomorrow at 11 am . mel's son is in class with lea .
someone told jackie's mother that she went to inez's party . jackie suspects donna . donna pleads not guilty .
fran doesn't want to go to school today , because her hair looks horrible .
it is michelle's birthday next week . monica will buy a pair of earrings michelle liked , which cost 80 pounds . they will pay monica back .
sheila told ellen that they will have a private jacuzzi at the spa .
gavin is happy to have caught up with paul and jill . jill is easily amused .
martha and anna are going to meet . martha will buy some crisps and two sandwiches .
leo just had a very good time with his parents in spain . granny will be happy if he came round and told her about his holidays . he could also see flowers blooming in her and daddy's garden .
melissa and faye exchange new year wishes .
alanna will dye her hair blond after consultation with sam .
jasmin organized hers and patrick's bills . she will put the insurance bill with their medical bills .
samantha and connor will go to the lecture on queer ethics at 4pm .
donna is going to use the laundromat which is one block away from ellis's place now .
tom will come for dinner in a sec .
grand is bored at his work while tina haven't had time for breakfast yet .
tom , igor and eric feel time is flying by .
jason , miriam and abigail are departing at 8 am tomorrow .
sally didn't take any new project today . the untaken project will be taken by eva because she is the first one in the office tomorrow .
ula wants to make sure she provides proper exercises for one of her clients who's pregnant . dorothy will send ula links to valuable advice .
evelyn can't meet marcus for dinner tonight as she has a night shift .
patty and jill don't want to go to dean's party for new year's eve . they plan a trip to the seaside , but everything can be already booked .
kristina talked about a foundation called miracleeffect yesterday . mira always buys her cosmetics online .
bill has prostate cancer ; it's early stage and treatable . he has had a prostate biopsy and has spent 3 days in hospital due to bleeding from the bladder . he also has a heart condition and is taking blood thinning meds . donna lives away from maya and bill , but she tries to be supportive .
mr short wants mr andrews to reply to his e mail asap .
perry's on the prowl . he's extremely mad . nola was supposed to send him something about the groundhopkins coach and didn't . she really needs to hurry .
barbara wanted donald to visit her this month . donald has no time and can visit her in may . she is sad and disappointed .
adam's wife runs social media platforms for different companies and people .
mohammad and noah are meeting at 5 . 30 at their usual spot to go to ulla . muhammad is tired after his weekend yoga classes .
maria , alfred , martin and chris will get him an album about the history of photography . chris will buy it , maria will collect the money .
gabriel confirms his arrival to felix .
mom reminds olivia about getting flowers for grandmother's day . olivia will buy either tulips or roses . she has also made a card for grandma at school . grandma likes handmade gifts .
christine is german . she and jacob have just had a pointless fight .
liily wants liam to help her with an assignment from history , because jacob does not have time to do that . liam does not know much about history , but he sends liily a link that will help her .
john and jeremy are going to dive the blue whole this summer . it's in belize . jacques cousteau declared it one of the world's best dive sites . anna and maria would like to join them . they'll talk about it tonight .
jade didn't come to the class because he had a lecture . jessica didn't come to the class because she was fighting cockroaches in her apartment . jessica forgot to go to the class . jessica hopes she killed all cockroaches .
jill has a toothache . frankie will buy an ibuprofen for her . jill will see a dentist .
janos got a notice from the post office . dean sends him a picture of it .
bob's mum invited ann to dinner on christmas eve .
emma , lucas , julia and brad are going to buy jenna for her 30th birthday a book each .
alan wants to start a business connected with fruit sushi and predicts big profit . he doesn't have enough money to start it and asks rob for help . rob will help alan if he doesn't give up the business as he once did .
john's room is messy . erin demands that john clean it up tonight or he'll be grounded . john is going to alex's place tonight , but agrees to clean the room .
lennon has left his sports kit at shaz . she will take it for him to the gym , where they will meet later .
ben wants a surprise birthday party for holly . mark will pick a birthday cake up . ben will cook everything himself . gina will buy a birthday presents and will take care of other stuff .
steve went out for breakfast and locked nick's key in the laundry room . nick will join him outside the bakery .
emma's moving to a new office in the next 2 3 weeks . new location is closer to her house . sam is paid well in his job . somebody is ringing at sam's door .
craig tells syah which substance makes the carbon cloth temporarily stick to mold . the expedient costs 38 per can .
anne saw her boyfriend at the restaurant with anabelle's sister . audrey doesn't trust blondes . anabelle is gonna teach her sister a lesson . anne doesn't have a boyfriend anymore .
lauren and matilde are at the cinema . jenny was waiting outside .
phil isn't going to the lectures today because the weather is bad . nevertheless , andy is going and will share his notes with phil .
julieanne suspects nick is cheating on her and will keep an eye on him .
melvin doesn't like christmas because his father passed away before christmas last year .
zack needs 5 more minutes to get ready . josh and they will wait for zack .
caz is going to coventry tomorrow afternoon to visit dad . caz and aj want to chat about their holidays at the weekend . aj has to get up at 3 am .
berta asked francine for advice regarding weight loss but francine didn't give her any valuable advice apart from limiting calories and working out .
mimi is in the big city . justine will put her on the list .
wendy and charles meet online . they are both looking for a partner . charles works in sales . wendy works in hr . charles and wendy will go dancing .
hailey's fury friends are doing well . they are well behaved and cute . wesley likes their photos and this of hailey's home , too , especially the little window . it is the cat's favourite place . she also gets her food there so that the dog cannot reach it .
maria's being interviewed on itv4 . she looks great and is doing a great job answering the asshole she's talking to . he said that women should stay at home . alec is incredibly proud of libby and her career .
nickolas found funny pictures while cleaning his data storage , including a video of nataniel dancing . nickolas can't go out for beer tonight as he has a test tomorrow .
friends have given ken a present he had craved for 2 years .
ralph is at the flea market . ian will join him in 30 minutes .
blake met with aunt lola , 66 , last night . she is getting divorced for the fourth time and married to a 37 year old francois .
debbie had to park in a muddy field on the weekend . she didn't like her meal but she enjoyed the hotel . she will see viv on sunday .
ben has just arrived and now is in the office . he should be back home at 6 or 7 . nora is going to order indian food for supper from a new restaurant .
elsie and bonnie are unable to sleep .
drew will keep matt's book for a couple more days and give it back after the weekend .
ian , keegan and jane appreciate ariana's pictures from marrakech . ian , keegan and jane are thinking of going there too . they also consider casablanca .
sid sent a video to tom . tom feels offended but sid finds it hilarious .
chandler is at the restaurant two broke engineers . he will grab some lasagnia for monica and cheese cake from cheese factory . monica plans to start a diet tomorrow .
jane is waiting for philip at 4 p . m . in front of the public theatre , while he is waiting for her in front of the palace theatre .
peter is buying his grandma perfume for christmas .
margaret forgot to take her wallet . charles can't help her because he's already left home .
yann's parents are going to montana to visit his brother . janette will come over for pizza and a movie .
terry offered to bring something from the store for kitty and jacky . jacky asked for the cheapest oj . kitty doesn't need anything .
mauricio will move to portugal for erasmus at the end of august if he passes all the exams . if mauricio does not pass the exams , he will go to poland . chandler would be happy to visit mauricio in poland .
nancy is 25 , has a driver's licence and a credit card so she will rent a car this weekend .
stephanie is ill and she will not go to marion's . sandy will visit stephanie on her way to marion's between 4 and 5 p . m .
ariana advises jake to watch bohemian rhapsody .
the ceo of websites4pubs . com wants to judge the websites . connie is sceptical about this proposal . ash will reject the offer .
naima and mounir are meeting before booba's concert at 7 pm in front of the stadium .
dad is coming to see tom next weekend . he will land in paris on friday evening but he will arrive at the train station at 11 05 am on saturday . tom will take him to try yakitori at his favourite restaurant , mikado . dad also wants to have a burger for lunch . they might go for a 10k run on sunday .
dan enjoyed quavo's concert . dan and diana want to go together next time .
jaden tells brooke that she finds neil annoying .
leah told ben that 18 days ago she found out that ben is cheating on her . however , brian had already knew about it . leah is going to break up with ben .
john enjoyed ''no logo'' by naomi klein . patricia is going to read the book at the weekend .
don and sally don't like sally's sister's boyfriend , but she's happy with him , so they'll have to put up with him .
anna was admitted to paris la sorbonne . lea will be away for two weeks .
tim will use his car to help jack carry a sofa on tuesday evening .
marty wants chrissy to tell him who she got for secret santa but she refuses .
the show is nearly starting . william is coming .
alexander williams is interested in samsung galaxy s9 . christopher smith confirms it is in stock and costs 709 . they are open mon sat 9 . 00 am 10 . 00 pm , sun 10 . 00 am 9 . 00 pm .
wes confirms the house number with gill .
mrs johnson is looking for a stone for her client . mr gold might have a diamonds that meets her client's expectations . they schedule a meeting at 10 am tomorrow morning , so she can see the stone .
kathryn is getting a cat . her mother hates cats . jacob and paula will take care of her cat when she goes away .
after work , olivia will pick up agatha's forgotten umbrella from the restaurant next to olivia's house .
sean thinks avengers infinity war is the best movie of 2018 . for paula it's jurassic world .
lucetta , dana and kimberly are going to a zumba class tomorrow , but golda can't make it due to a family meeting .
anna and victoria are going to watch second act at cineplex odeon south keys on friday . they are meeting at 6 30 pm and the movie starts at 7 pm .
jack's exam was ok . bert passed his physics exam with the top mark . jack and jim will have a beer tonight , but bert won't join because he doesn't drink .
milo wants to switch weekends with sabrina because he has to go to germany for work . milo sends alimony . next week milo will pick up lilly from school every day .
sophie will visit lizzy and mum on saturday . sophie will bake lizzy's favorite cake .
hannah has been to spain . she spent there two weeks and she visited granada , almeria and gibraltar . hannah is raving about the sea water in spain and spanish people . she's going to tell patty and kristen more details when they meet .
grace finds the last episode of handmaid's tale scary . she has mixed feelings about the series .
eve and erick are not fond of martha .
the teacher was satisfied with alex's work today , as referred by jorim .
tom , jack and yuri are surprised with the witcher series casting news .
kevin is doing his accounts . kai , the nephew , worked on the construction site last week . kevin's company got a permanent contract yesterday . kevin and kai will talk on monday about an apprenticeship in the company .
martin is not going to london with adam and sarah this weekend because he's seeing his girlfriend , amanda .
alanis and susan are going shopping to ikea at 10 a . m . tomorrow .
mia's looking for eco laundry detergent . nick recommends eco products from tesco and sainsbury or liquid soap flakes , kim advises her to try eco egg .
chris's girlfriend is going to broadcast the latest press release to all facebook groups . chris will let alex know how it went .
eva is at the mall with the girls . they are shopping for shoes , dresses and beauty products .
carl and derek explain to ben that mr . bradley is strict and requires precise definitions .
wendy likes her new date a lot but nothing has happened .
candy will come by later and tech will teach her how to play cards .
chris and alene meet for a bike ride in half an hour .
bob recognised han as ra's al ghul in gotham and congratulates him getting the role .
sally will try pukka jasmine tea and camomile .
tom , lia , sean and ricky will go to the cinema tomorrow to see the favourite . ricky has already seen it , but doesn't mind seeing it again .
britney got expelled because of accumulated absences and vandalism . she reputedly made that blue graffiti 3 days ago . oswald thinks it's a shame because he likes britney .
jason and silvia are getting married . onin has ordered a tailor made suit for himself to wear at the function .
roy will be home in 15 minutes . he will buy some eggs for beverly on his way .
fiona and pat will see each other tonight at sandy and iain's for a book group meeting . pat made lemon cake and will bring a bottle of something to drink . pat enjoys the book . fiona knows the big event of the book .
david's partner maya wants to redecorate the flat they have rented recently . david doesn't like that .
karen and larissa moved to belgium and ask lisa how to get the papers , the procedure and finding a job . lisa doesn't have hers , as it takes time but shouldn't be a problem .
may , jackie and piotr are laughing at trump .
mia and arlene are afraid they'll miss the deadline for a paper they find too challenging . peter is considering quitting the program because of this . mia has 8 pages so far and arlene has 4 .
hana and rita are going for a walk and talk in 15 minutes , although it's late .
jerry failed a job interview again . according to tom , jerry should seek help in a therapy .
john has a fever . sally will wait until tomorrow , to see if he improves , before taking him to the doctor . sally will keep john home from school until at least next week . john already has problems keeping up with his schoolwork .
audrey and tom will buy a christmas tree and gifts for children after work .
curtis is looking for the colander in the kitchen . he finds it thanks to alma , who is also proud that he wants to cook something . in fact , he's just playing soldiers .
ana has a headache . she is in paris .
andrew became a father yesterday . his wife and baby daughter are fine . she was named laura after andrew's mother .
eric is hosting christmas eve at his home . patty will prepare dumplings . eric will get plates and chairs from their parents . patty and eric's father will cook fish . patty can't wait .
karen and sylvia don't know julia's birthday exact date . they are going to ask her spouse , greg , about it .
michael feels lost . nick doesn't take michael's issue seriously .
maria is collecting exam papers tomorrow and checking them over . stacey and ramon are not allowed in the hall during the exam . year 10 will be doing work experience soon . stacey and ramon have to mark year 10's papers . ramon is going home in august . stacey and ramon have a staff meeting at 8 .
kathryn is finishing her workout . she will drink a shake . george will buy bananas , which he forgot about .
mary was worried that carlos was not responding to her messages . mary was asks carlos to check the iron . the iron was ok .
celine sends a video to marie .
linda and miley are meeting at 7 . linda is late .
mel , maria , sean and bradley will go to irina tomorrow .
james is at the cinema .
the dress that grace posted costs 30 and is also in size 10 .
vicky and david will meet at queen's head at 8 pm tonight .
hilary couldn't reach him all morning . she sends morgan his location . hilary wants lona to get flowers for the reception . hilary wants jess to go to the printing house and get the place cards . she sends her the guest list . jess will get it in about an hour .
harry and patrick are excited about the win . they are going to meet up for a beer .
holly will join tania , terry and linda for drinks tonight . they are going to see a broadway show , but holly just wants the drinks . they meet up at kosciusko av subway station .
winnie will not accept taylor's apologies .
kinga came out as gay to her parents . they already knew that and were fine with it .
there's a test tomorrow from practical classes .
hugo is going to las vegas for a week to gamble and party . lottie is worried about him .
marsha , neal and oliver are gossiping about their colleague . marsha and neal believe she should be fired .
lucas will buy vanilla ice cream on angela's request .
sebastian turned 40 . he is going to india soon . vicky and sebastian are going to reactivate their mediation group and will organize a meeting , most probably on 11 . 12 .
snapchat saved joanna's photo and joanna and dallas don't know why .
pasha's last visit to delih was last september . beth is done for today . pasha is out all day tomorrow . beth and pasha will see each other on wednesday .
rita won't be able to come on the trip . sandra has already purchased plane tickets for her and adi . she misspelt her surname in the questionnaire . bebe advises to correct the mistake using the confirmation email .
marie's accommodation was not up to standard . charlie offers marie a 100 credit for future trips as a compensation for the inconvenience . charlie will also make sure marie gets a nicer room then . marie appreciates and accepts the offer .
david has problems accessing the account . he needs to start working on the task soon , as he won't have time next week . the problems were due to the fact , that david's e mail address had been misspelled . hugh has fixed the issue . david should be able to start working in an hour .
caroline and monica hoped to buy tickets for ed but they sold out in 10 minutes . they will try to buy them before the concert .
ursula likes the earrings she received from matt .
kevin forgot his keys . he will meet with sean in the canteen around 1 to borrow his keys .
una is looking for a job because her boss is crazy . midge has met una's boss . midge isn't hiring at the moment , but she will ask around if other departments are hiring .
malia and colby went to the professor's funeral . they did not see each other , as there was much crowd there .
mario , jennifer and tom are going to meet for pizza .
ann does not know who sent a package to her .
tim didn't pass the exam and will have to study during the summer to come back in september . tim was not the only one who didn't pass .
jeff's and triza's friend has a wedding on saturday so juliana can't really go to the beverly childrens centre . she will try to go for at least 1 hour as she knows the kids love her .
james has been there for 2 weeks and it's still 20 degrees . the little one is fine . the little one's ears hurt before because of the plane . james's mum needs attention . leo needs a favour from james . leo will call james in 5 minutes when james is free .
monica is jewish . she celebrates hanukkah rather than christmas .
kim will open the window on kelly's request . ms . lebnitz will say that it's too cold . kelly doesn't care .
jessica slapped her boss . timmy's not surprised as he had many disciplinary hearings . jay hasn't heard about it before but is working here since july .
ron will get some milk for han .
eve wonders if victoria has a hairdryer .
jeremy can't find noel , who went out to have a cigarette . noel finds dominica hot , independent and smart , but jeremiah thinks she's aggressive .
tina instructed mona how to make a pizza . it was mona's first time doing it and it looks delicious .
ryan is going to dublin next week . he will buy sean a book for learning german . sean's level is a2 and he needs to work on the grammar .
timothy will help rebecca with her problem after his meeting is over .
jason got a new job . it keeps him really busy . sarah is trying to get a job as well . she will apply to many ads .
emma and mike can't leave their parents alone at christmas .
sam gets a new commission from emily . it's editing a translation into english about art history , architecture , renaissance in italy . it's 19 , 3987 characters , deadline march 12th . sam's fee is 1 . 20 pqw . sam will send a signed copy to emily an directly invoice the client .
agatha remarks that they mentioned that they parents are going to buy an apartment for for them . casper thinks it will be better for them . he promises to meet agatha the next time he visits .
kelly has maths and english homework for tomorrow . she's writing a 150 word long essay on her hobby singing . louis will write about video games .
jane and blake are overeaten after christmas . blake proposed a meeting .
tim came back from trekking , changed his phone and doesn't have all the contacts . bart returned from bulgaria yesterday and sent tim pics . tim is leaving for canada tomorrow for 3 weeks .
lauren and jake are meeting up to study before the final .
danny wants peach to come home and talk . peach will come .
wendy will take the dog for a short walk so oliver can vacuum .
noah is going to walk and feed spot for olivia around 4 . 30 today .
al wanted to chat with kyra , but she did not seem interested .
sal prefers pepsi to cola as it's not so sweet .
josh started a new work 3 weeks ago and he's glad with it so far .
on 26th of october mrs . davis cancelled accounting course classes that william , daniel , maddie and will are attending to .
julia goes to the gym . cezary will go to mcdonalds .
mike is raving about the fifa game , because it disconnected him , when he was playing online .
natty used to play a rpg called mines of mars . it is similar to prince of persia .
danny is proud of his mom , lucy . danny and lucy love each other .
liz forgot to pay the gas invoice .
moyra , corien , and olaf exchange new year wishes .
malcolm has found craig's cigarettes and they will have a serious chat about it on messenger .
mason is going to teach leah and ed how to use the new machine at 3 . leah is worried that ed doesn't like her . mason reminds leah to wear her safety stuff .
everything apart from the car is booked now . cheryl booked an amazling apartment on airbnb . it has a wonderful view , 3 rooms and air conditioning . it's also really cheap .
tom and his girlfriend broke up at the end of december . she told him things that hurt him a lot . peter invites him for a drink .
russell and amber are in innsbruck , they love it . helmut used to visit innsbruck every week for work . helmut tells russell there is no starbucks , they should try the austrian coffee shops .
blaine feels uncomfortable at a party , because elvira is ignoring him . he plans to drink one more beer and go back home .
polly and jack are meeting at the station car park in 15 minutes .
emma doesn't want to come tonight , because she had a fight .
sam's going to costco , he'll buy toilet paper .
chelsea is going to see miranda and her daughter ava on march 2 .
ceil needs help with french and keyton sends her a photo with all she needs .
camille took the driving licence test 13 times . she passed the test finally . petunia and alain are congratulating her . camille drives every day to work . finding the parking is the only downside .
harry , alan , tim , karen , bill , eric , jamie , jeff , sarah , rob and freddie discuss the best aspects of their jobs .
john and fiona are at the river . fiona is always by herself as nathan is consistently fishing . nathan has not been fishing in a while . fiona suggests nathan to go with john one of these days as john always looks for some company . nathan will give john a call about going fishing some day .
meg is bored with her placement at a nursery and has a cold . several girls said they liked kian when they played spin the bottle .
hannah prepared a dinner for liam and herself .
stan needs help with moving things from his garage and offers beer and pizza instead . leo will help but expects some alcohol . fiona will borrow her father's van . clay can also come to help over the weekend .
piper has already wrapped all the christmas gifts and sent all christmas cards . rita hasn't been shopping yet and she plans to get gift cards for everyone .
jerry and jennifer are going to watch lethal weapon 3 tonight .
richard , shelly and brad are going to drink beer on friday at 8pm at misty's . clack has the flu , so he'll not join .
elena and jerry will meet at the bar in 5 minutes .
arthur and olivia read a negative article about her .
muriel lost a lot of weight . muriel sent namir a menu that his trainer prepared for him . namir is interested in this method and muriel will introduce him to the trainer .
charlie , maite and luke are chatting about beekeeping and natural food . luke used to work on a dairy farm where rich people came to buy milk . now luke sells products under his own brands .
cass will order some pizzas and a salad . mickey is going to buy some beers .
lorna really enjoyed the donut .
joanna will have pho . she will order a spicy beef pho and a salad for 15 for nick .
anita will pick melissa and kelly up from the central railway station and go shopping with them .
ann lost her english book and wants to borrow tom's but he left it at school .
jenna wears black blouses .
roman is in milan enjoying sunny weather .
sam has bought a warm breakfast for anna tacitos hash browns with extra picante sauce , coffee and orange juice and he is bringing it to her house . she's waiting for him .
tigran's sister lied about having sex with michael . she has a drug problem . tigran doesn't mind michael having sex with tigran's sister .
pearson got 65 and ava 66 on the econ test .
nathan will watch the video from victoria later .
adam hasn't tasted the beaujolais nouveau wine . he considers last year's edition to be bad . dora is at the supermarket and was considering buying the wine .
tom has tried skiing for the first time and he likes it . he can't slow down properly , so he fell a couple of times .
max wants to talk through the embarrassing he did with lucas and mason .
tessy told laura there is food for her .
jody is thanking everyone , she will miss them . others are saying by and wishing good her and a baby she is expecting .
judy has watered the plants for paul .
jenna , hannah and denis should read 40 pages for tomorrow . denis couldn't as it's too dense .
charles and simone are on holiday on naples .
agnes has done a translation that the lawyer did not like . lee confirms that the translation is accurate .
melissa needs carol's recommendation . melissa should talk to martha .
larry and tom are going to meet today at joe's , around 5 o'clock . larry is going to pay 20 dollars back to tom . he owes them because tom paid for him at a bar yesterday .
agnes is bored and has nothing planned today . derrick does market analysis . derrick recommends ''gone girl'' . agnes is interested in it as an audiobook .
david and vicky are meeting at queen's head at 8 p . m .
wayne is insomniac and nothing helps .
tyler left the dinner in the oven so it burnt . maria is going to buy some pizza instead .
nora couldn't attend the meeting with marya and harry at the hobbs' due to a cold . she didn't want to put peter's health at risk .
lisa is coming to visit john . john has already planned the activities for them . the weather is going to get worse .
flight from nantes was cancelled . xavier can fly to warsaw and then to casa . he will travel with amy from paris .
matej is at the flower shop . matej and anka decide to buy a red and purple funeral wreath . it will be ready tomorrow at 11 . matej will pick it up on the way to anka . anka will pay matej back tomorrow .
lia , marion , patty and tomasz are in a place where polish food and drinks are served .
hugh is looking for his own place . brian bought his last year and enjoys living there . hugh and brian might end up as neighbors .
mike likes clothes in navy blue . victoria will be home by 4 . mike is making dinner and will be waiting for her .
tommy is on the bus to boston . tommy took a bus an hour before will . marie is in the same bus as will . marie and will are going to meet upstairs in 5 minutes .
andrew's son is going to lille next september and is looking for a flat to rent . john's daughter has been in lille for 2 years . andrew might come visit peter next month .
jack can't stand when he sees something stupid , but he doesn't want to engage in any political debates in facebook comments anymore because he gets too emotional . he is an optimist , thinking there can be less stupid people than smart ones .
wojtek has a quite satisfying job but he will take janek's job offer into serious consideration .
collin has to start cleaning the apartment because the guests are coming in 3 hours . ruby is arriving at 4 30 pm .
maggie bought the same pair of shoes as anna . anna is mad at her .
former student of dominic tried to make a pass at him at the coffee shop but he thinks she's too young for him .
daryl and brett saw the game last night . their team lost .
robert finishes at 5 pm and is going to see his mum later . after that , robert and pauline will meet at the pizza place at 7 , pauline will book a table . she's a bit tired after a hard night and only 2 hours of sleep , as someone was making noise drilling all day .
matt , brad and joan will have a tea break around 5 .
it is good to sometimes take a break from facebook but hard to stop using it whatsoever .
scott , sarah , josh and george will go to the cinema to see the avengers at 8 . 30 .
jack is trying to bake a cake for peg's birthday tomorrow and is not sure what a cup means . steve is trying to help him and finally they agree to come over and and assist jack and have a beer and two as well .
tom has left for a few hours , so lisa invites sam to come and have sex with her . sam's coming right now .
danny , kirsty and juan have organized an event . it went well . there's going to be another event in march . it's been organized by margaret .
robert , andrew and philip are delighted with a performance .
liam bought ethiopian airlines plane tickets to south africa . the flight goes through addis ababa .
mike and charles complain about the government and understand young people that leave the country for work . mike is going to work abroad himself . charles is still thinking .
debbie can't use the clutch . debbie wanted to share a car with her brother . debbie's mom bought an automatic car but she wouldn't lend it to debbie . lorcan went to amsterdam with friends .
abigail and brittany agreed on going to a music festival on the beach on saturday .
gary is in madrid for a conference . kathleen shares a photo of timmy's painting showing that he misses gary .
adele bought a new dog . it's a 4 months old biscuit lab . she called him bones because he's plump . her other dogs mother him , but her cats keep their distance .
anna and luca will meet for coffee at blueberries in oxford street at 4 pm . luca and anna are going to see a light film of luca's choice .
frank likes macy's red outfit .
eric ad allie haven't sent their letters yet .
michael , tom and chris tease mark because he has a new girlfriend .
alan and simon are fans of breaking bad and outlander although they are different genres . the outlander novel dana gabaldon used to be called a stitch in time . cationa baife is an outlander character . they think she is better than marie schrader , skylar and jessie's girlfriend from breaking bad .
dan gave olga birthday wishes .
harper downloaded reddit . conor cannot do it as his storage is full . conor reminded harper to prepare the lesson test for tomorrow .
professor martin kelly sends patrick smith the handout for tomorrow .
mabel's date with dave was bad as she had to do the talking and she cannot see them going on another date .
nestor is thinking of taking history of imperialism in latin america , racism in brasil , critical theory etc . at university . his grades aren't very good . aida thinks ludmila's songs are really bad . nestor recommends listening to pabllo vittar .
barb is cooking shrimps for jim's birthday .
apolonia forgot her keys . henry will open the door for her .
the restaurant is full and the wait for table is too long , so sharon suggests going to casa italia instead .
ava doesn't want to talk to greg .
ann needs ian's math homework to check what mistakes she made in hers .
jenny won't drink . jim will buy wine .
lucifer , beelzebub and mephistopheles will go for a ride to get a drink .
audrey is considering choosing mary as a supervisor for the masters thesis . matt believes mary is famous and influential and may help audrey in her career . louis is sure mary reads students' papers very carefully .
mark had a problem with sinking shed . now tony has the same problem . janice sends a contact to a garden man who fixed it .
michelle is disappointed by the results of the election , same as olivier . michelle is also appalled that her parents voted for him and are happy about the results . olivier invited michelle over and she agreed to come .
kelly was at chris' party last saturday . she had fun . there are rumors about kelly and a man named tom . kelly met with tom . wendy is going out today . kelly will take wendy's dog for a walk at wendy's request .
lydia informs martha that she wants to dye her hair grey . martha fully endorses the idea .
susy is eating . michael needs her for a moment .
han's not sure about his chinese citizen's credit score .
mark prefers old songs of david guetta . recently , he has rediscovered the 90s music . justin's father played in a rock band , and at one of their concerts , he met justin's mother .
greg , suzie and amelia will buy dad a laptop for christmas . the laptop is inexpensive but will suit his needs . they will pay 30 extra to have it delivered on time .
pat is in pain and needs to go to the dentist to have his wisdom teeth pulled . iris's sister recommends dr . kimball . his number is 416 539 3983 and his clinic is open 24 hours .
elvis will not host kire's friend for two weeks in london , even though kire has promised her already .
martha and mike got a video from jackson . he doesn't want to study as he is not gonna pass this year .
rob will pick up hot sauce for suki to have on her pizza .
george ordered ham instead of the christmas turkey .
nancy and flo will have dinner at home on 21 . nancy was invited to the gala , but needs an evening dress , flo hasn't received the invitation yet . they'll go shopping next saturday and have lunch at a new place at 12 .
ella will talk to the cleaning woman to do the shed .
caz has seen a new series on bbc and he loved it . he liked a netflix series as well , but the ending was disappointing , which michelle agrees with . they're going to meet at ryan's birthday party this weekend .
marisa has special offers for make up this month . beth , emily , lilly , martha and kelly endorse her .
the bill is due tomorrow , so hannah and ben need to give clara 30 each . hannah will make a copy of the keys in the afternoon . ben will leave the money and the keys on the kitchen table .
ivanka wants ted to bring her a file . ted had problems to find it .
harrison bought tickets for dream theatre for 220 .
tony , bill , felicity and sam are meeting at the bridge at 9 tomorrow . they will take some sandwiches to save money .
donna and sophie will have tomato soup for dinner .
there has been another burglary in the neighbourhood . they stole a tv , two laptops and a bit of cash . the police are investigating . gina , daniel , kate and michael will talk about a neighbourhood watch , e . g . a cctv , at the next meeting on saturday .
brenda's car is broken . she will be late at work . chris will cover for her , but only until noon , because he gas a dentist appointment . it's a busy monday at work . there is a new person starting this day and chris should ask them to fill out the paperwork .
linda forbids her daughter sarah to stay at dom's place for the night as dom's parents won't be home . linda expects sarah to come home soon .
arnold will pop around to sam's place to ask him something he needs to do in person .
gerard , cheryl and judith will meet tomorrow at orly .
tracy thinks bridget is upset with her , but doesn't know why even though she asked . carrie will talk to bridget about it .
rebecca was supposed to come back home at 2 pm but she has to say longer at work . lisa will eat the dinner without her .
caleb and elizabeth are going on a trip . ms smith was absent , so caleb and they gave the list to a french teacher .
raghav wants purvi to turn the tv down .
sulwyn and summer are in the same study group .
hilda and carl will meet at starbucks at 4 pm on sunday .
mathew won't be coming to band rehearsals anymore because he doesn't feel appreciated .
claire is fixing her skype . claire got good exam grades last year and has just had a geography controlled assessment .
matt works tomorrow , so he can't stay any longer . he will give luke a lift home . luke lives in a dangerous neighbourhood but matt grew up there and is not afraid to go there .
brett is finishing at 5 pm . john will pick him up in the college car park . they will stop for a burger on the way home .
brenda has a new grandchild . willa and xavier decide to collect money for a gift for brenda . willa will be in charge of the collection . once it's done , xavier will match the gift .
dave's dad died yesterday . stef has made an order on interflora signed for herself and marion . marion will transfer what she owes stef to nick's account .
jayden has mistakenly called freddie instead of fran . he does not usually call him , as he prefers to chat .
daniel's weekend in corsica has been splendid . their hotel , its staff and the water are great . franck and sandra will consider the place for their 10 day holidays . daniel assures him that with the activities offered here and beautiful landscapes they will not be bored and urges franck to book soon .
phyllis and robert are complimenting on carol's new black audi a5 and are wondering how carol could afford it .
george will come over in an hour to check the new machine that is reputedly broken .
alice has a date tonight , with a guy from the irish bar .
hannah worked hard and got 95 on her final .
john lost his job because other staff members complained about him and his work performance . sally tries to cheer him up .
gerry wants his money back . laura isn't going to pay back because gerry dropped her phone in water .
the next sports camp is scheduled for july . wilma's uncle will be a tennis teacher there . terence and tiffany need to practise their backhand . wilma will check a camp's price tomorrow .
liam is interested in skiing in a new place like slovakia and will discuss this with his friends tonight .
it's warm where agnes is and rather chilly where alex and martha are .
danny and leo are going to visit frank . leo's bringing some wine .
julie is looking for a kid friendly holiday destination . howard recommends romania , greece , and the balkans in general .
thomas can't meet valerie today because of work . valerie has loads of work too . thomas will see valerie next week .
laila is about to finish her job . laila and davon want to get drunk tomorrow . davon is going to a haunted house . davon loves tall girls though admits it's unusual for them to be taller than 5'5'' . laila wishes she was shorter .
sofia is home and christian is in bed . sofia will go shopping for a birthday present for her friend . she will be back in warsaw tomorrow and christian will come to warsaw on tuesday to meet sofia .
paulina is afraid she might be working during the holidays . she would not like it as she feels tired . andre wishes her luck because he knows the pain of working during holidays .
max and mel will go for a beer to st . paddys at 8 .
it was cold , but is wasn't raining .
liam gave ashley jake's number . jake has a girlfriend and doesn't want ashley to call him . liam is a bit surprised by the news that jake has a girlfriend .
mary hesitated if she should wear red or gold outfit for sims wedding . patricia voted red .
megan , sarah and jessica are waiting for the results . megan and sarah failed .
pierre , don , clark and mike are doing some prep before playing as they don't want to loose the next match .
cate is buying a dark brown suit for rs 395 . she will visit the shop on tuesday .
professor ziegler died in a car crash . he was sonny's supervisor .
martha feeds her baby every 3 hours . fred always changes baby's diapers . carol wants to meet their baby so will come for lunch 2 pm on saturday .
amelia heard the song dont speak on the radio and loved it . harry , beth , gina , ben , nina and mark like it too .
michael's coffee delivery is late . he is compensated with a coupon for free coffee .
john will do the invoice tonight .
peter needs to take care of his little niece during the weekend , but he doesn't know how to spend time with her . jordan suggested playing ball with her .
jessica noticed isla's toothbrush in david's bathroom .
brian caught a giant fish but he can't have it stuffed because his wife doesn't like it .
linda wrote a copy of her notes for percy . percy and martha were crying a lot at night .
julia will pick emma and linda up in front of select at 2 pm and they will go to have a make up session at 3 . sophia is not joining them . emma and linda are going to the bell now .
david book the club for stag night for saturday , 6 pm . it's expensive . alcohol and girls are in the price . jake is marrying sharon . jonathan will tell jake and the boys .
mick has failed another maths test . he has a new teacher this year . nicky will talk to the other mothers . later she and arnold will talk about what they can do about it .
sandy and trish both got 3 .
alex's parents argued and her mum overreacted . they are trying to hide their arguments from alex .
lisa's sick so daniel cancels her birthday party scheduled for saturday .
beatrix is waiting for liam outside in the red car .
marta bought l size gloves for adam because his birthday is in two weeks .
yuri finished watching the second season of daredevil and he really liked it . tom decided to watch the original twin peaks series before watching the new one . yuri didn't understand much from the new one . they agree it's like this for david lynch's works .
lawrence's homework was to summarise the article about high tech solutions . he is meeting silvia on thursday at 5 pm and will focus on innovations and the future of technology . he should prepare some vocabulary to this topic .
mark got back from ital yesterday . mark enjoyed their trip . mark would like to revisit tuscany and see sicily .
tyler is upset with ethan who lied to emily about him being in a relationship with anna . anna wants tyler to call ethan but tyler thinks ethan should apologise to him .
naomi and dominic don't want to be working today . it is very cold outside . the coffee machine in dominic's office is broken . dominic can't visit naomi after work . he has to wait for a plumber to fix a pipe in his kitchen .
matt and beatrice are going to grab lunch today . they are meeting in lavender café near her workplace .
averi wants to show emest his collection of coins . he's been collecting them for 3 years . emest will look at it tomorrow .
wendy's new year resolution is to try to quit smoking . magdalene doesn't believe in her , because she tried and failed . carol does .
anca is upset about the brazilian president election . thiago is convinced that the new president won't make the situation better . anca thinks that giving people more weapon and clearing the amazon rainforest will make it even worse .
gary's test went horribly bad and he's probably going to fail the class . still , he has on more take in the fall .
rose is feeling a little better but she is still bedridden . bill was weak because he had a biopsy . he is frequently inebriated and his health is in decline . rose and bill entertain guests each weekend and sometimes also during the week . they have a domestic helper , who is useful .
maria's parents decided to move next month . they want to move to costa rica as soon as maria's father retires .
robert saw aidy and mikey out on a date . helen did not know they were a couple .
john , james and mark are going to see a movie tonight .
brad and margaret are planning a conference for the 8th and 9th of march . margaret booked the venue , brad is chasing the invitations . accommodation , catering and volunteers are still to be done .
rob is dropping by around to borrow walter's drill . frances will find it by the shed . she's going to see mrs flowers afterwards .
martin thinks that grand tour is now way better than top gear . the quality got worse after big 3 had left the show .
simon brown sends his last invoice again to olga reily at her request .
helen and patrick are going for the conference in toronto in 2 months . they want to stay with all the participants from the 25th till the 2nd . emily wishes she could stay so long .
they are going to donate to cancer research uk as a birthday gift for richard .
the pudding on the stove still has water in the pan .
gwendolen will be here for when zelma's twins will be born . she does not agree with her daughter's choices around the birth , but zelma states she does not need consent .
cristian saw jane leave the college with a man . jane claims the man is a good friend , but cristian doubts it .
neither johny nor george like cleaning before christmas .
kirsten wants martin to do the shopping because she is meeting her friends tonight for dinner and drinks . she will be home before midnight . martin will pick her up from the bus stop .
clair kept getting sarcastic messages , so she responded the same way from a fake e mail account , which was hilarious .
nathan will let jeremy know if he'll need an accommodation , when he'll visit canada in june .
noah will give jason a lift to work as his car broke down . he doesn't need a lift back home .
kerri is going to buy bruce's used tv . she will pick it up in an hour .
hilda is exhausted after a long day of work . jerry is cleaning hos house . hans is working . he will leave in an hour .
frances and finely lost their dad . their mom is depressed and she is mostly alone at home or with frances , who takes care of her . finely dropped a semester and she will take care of mom for 6 months .
tom can't talk . he will call tim later .
matt's dog is sick , but the new medications received from a vet are working . matt has to take the dog for the shots once a week .
jimmy and toby won't come back to cardiff . jimmy needs more time .
ryan's going to watch the highlights of a basketball match but david spoils everything by saying that lebron was instrumental in defeating toronto .
according to polly , in italian panini is plural from panino .
jacob and alex aren't sure what to do for their project . ms . white doesn't explain things clearly . everybody's going to have bad marks . it has happened before with a different teacher . she was working her stress off in the class .
rachel needs tracy's advice about the movie that she should choose for her date with eric .
kiersten's buying all psychology handbooks from philip . she'll get 10 off , but she'll pay for the shipment . the package will arrive in 3 days .
evan and jez are going to the pub tonight . jez hopes that gizzi will be there too .
margaret has had a fall and needs jeffrey to help her with some groceries .
clare is happy to see katia join the conversation .
sam is waiting for wendy to finish work .
andrew is looking for the apple picker . charlotte tells him to look on the wall in the basement . andrew finds it .
jane , amanda , linda and candy are planning to read snow by orhan pamuk for their next meeting .
emily is watching netflix and eating ice cream tonight .
tim thinks flores is the most beautiful island in azores . jenny recommends terceira . tomas thinks all the azores islands are beautiful .
the homework was an essay on ethical fashion , which has to be done till december 1st .
the stray dog whose picture has been posted is not goofy .
lia is bored in dublin although students are supposed to live in cambridge . supervisors should control students' residence . jenny's residence has never been questioned because she spends a lot of time at college .
nicky and matt ran out of sugar . nicky will buy some after work .
eric will teach eva to play the piano tomorrow at 7 pm .
gil has never taken an iq test but was a good student . jax wishes to be smarter .
mark , anna , george and julia agreed on second and third week of july .
alan is going to try out for the rugby team despite ruth's concerns .
henry has just installed a wood burner and is looking for a reliable source for seasoned wood and fred has a good supplier . he'll text henry his their phone .
brianna is coming to berlin and she would like to stay at carly's . carly agrees . brianna doesn't not the exact dates of the visit yet . probably the 2nd or 3rd weekend of the next month . carly will bake a carrot cake .
charles is going to a lecture in room 202 .
isabel asks gina about italian restaurants in new york . isabel will be staying in soho . gina recommends barbuto washington st . , café altro paradiso spring st . , via corota bleecker st . . gina has a lot of work . isabel wants to visit philadelphia and boston . isabel and gina were once in vienna .
paulina can't find her hamster . it was running around her room and got lost .
rob saw alan downtown . alan had an interview for a job at some event agency and has a good feeling about it .
the song 'last christmas' brought back olivia's , millie's and isla's memories about last year's christmas afterparty . this year millie is out of town , but they can meet on new year's eve .
susie will bring reese brunost from norway . she's going there next week . reese loves brunost , which is a brown cheese that tastes like caramel .
natalia and maria will talk on skype at 3 40 today .
dave's greek tinder responded to his messages after three days of silence . she was out of the country and didn't have coverage . dave is relieved she's not ghosting him .
martha wants to cover one wall with a jungle wallpaper , and paint other walls white . karen , mike , and peter convince martha to use tikkurila sandy cream on other walls instead .
harvey's mother is unwell , but she's getting better now . harvey visits her every day after work , but his brother never visits her . harvey arranged a carer for his mother .
joshua is already here and can see job . job can't see joshua .
faith agrees to lend ashley 50 dollars until the weekend .
martin is suggesting susan different locations where they can meet up on friday at 1pm . susan is vegetarian and has a very limited food choice . they decide to meet at a vegan sushi restaurant . martin is asking susan to bring the book that she was going to lend him .
chloe and aimee are going to have lunch together on wednesday , 1 pm . aimee will meet chloe by the door . they have been supposed to meet for months , but chloe was very busy at work .
donna loves ari's new song and ben can go with donna to ari's show in berlin for 120 euro .
benny is busy with work on the project . adam and benny arrange a workout at 7 a . m . tomorrow , as usual . tom will not join them due to family commitments .
celesta has nelly's literature textbook . she's had it for two weeks and nelly needs it tomorrow .
vera may have problems visiting her family because of the martial law . she hasn't seen them for two years .
agnes will get back to ann tomorrow about meeting up for a coffee next week .
kai got a new puppy . his name is pepper .
anna can't open the link to the videos from yesterday that jack sent her via email , so he'll put it on yt and it should be ready in 10 minutes .
laura is coming down for dinner and wants her dad to stop texting her .
jane and thomas will meet for a coffee in starbucks in half an hour .
ben needs new recipe ideas from joy . she suggests salmon with sesame oil and soy sauce and honey , cod with lime juice , olive oil , and coriander , and chicken with peanut butter , coconut cream , and rice . joy is now in warsaw . the weather is not very pleasant .
laura wants to go to the cinema with steve , not with patrick . steve likes laura very much .
justin's laptop has stopped working . justin need the laptop for classes . mark , justin's dad , will wire justin some extra money for the repair .
herta likes the milk laszlo bought at the whole foods in arlington . herta'll buy some more of this milk and bagels this week .
mary asks tom to buy some fruits for dessert as his parents are visiting them . he'll also buy white wine to match the fish served for dinner .
samantha can't find the entrance . manuel helps her .
according to tyler , finneas' tragus looks nice .
shane haven't seen the bayern borussia match . there were 5 goals and 2 red cards at the match . rufus and steve enjoyed the match a lot .
jake can't find his black pants . his roommate stu is wearing them by accident .
carol will come to kenneth after work about 5 pm and she will help him bathe his cat .
gloria cannot go with leo to see a motorsport show during her working hours . she agrees to go with him to the show happening at 7pm . leo will stop by the ticket office to buy tickets and the cheapest one costs 20 . they both decide to also attend the pit party which costs 15 .
steve will give david a divorce lawyer's telephone number . the lawyer is called zimmerman . zimmerman is needed for becka's divorce .
because of hangover gunner didn't go anywhere last night but stayed in bed .
josh will come to daisy next friday evening . his weekend trip with friends has been cancelled .
susan will have her first calls in two weeks . her last training session was with matt almost three weeks ago . susan and ruth will have a one hour general repetition of each step of a call on wednesday 12th at 11 a . m . susan will send ruth a calendar invitation .
polly and ryder will try to save money and get a visa for the sydney show .
lizette got olden a flavoured beer that he doesn't like at all . he wants a real beer , so lizette tells him to go to a shop and buy one .
pratesh is at work . he and steve are going to meet at 5 .
frank has caught a virus and can't come to work tomorrow .
steve would like other people to use wifi cr instead of the beach network , becuse he wants to play on the internet .
kate , marion , simone and jeff are going to don pizzaiolo , a small pizzeria on the other side of the river tomorrow . jeff will call them and reserve a table .
brenda and nicole picked up the car . they higher fee for under 25 drivers . they are going to pick up pamela .
pete will try to transfer money to pay the rent tomorrow .
linda , greg's mother , will babysit johnny today because greg has to work .
lesly will come to darian at 4 30 and they will meet ethan at 5 .
marly wants demi to watch a movie with her . demi refuses , since she dislikes this kind of movies .
cassie , nathan , wendy and brittany will bring food for a barbecue .
dale is doing well .
12 people were shot down at borderline grill in thousand oaks . the suspect is a 28 year old us marine corps veteran , ian david long . gavin newsom , california's new governor , ordered the flags to be flown at half staff .
gary is in glasgow and wants to know how are things at work . angela made a translation on monica's request . it is angela's last day at work .
daniel is lodging a complain with his internet service provider abc for billing him for an extra service which he timely and according to the service agreement asked to discontinue . kasia from abc admitted it was a system error . it was instantly rectified and a corrected invoice was emailed to him .
jonathan and kassidy are as ready as can be for tomorrow .
jessica can't stand vivian because vivian is boring and follows ben everywhere . jessica invited him and vivian came as well . jessica feels she's losing ben as a friend because they can't talk seriously when vivian is around .
josh considers quitting his job .
jeremy's neighbour got robbed . two guys entered through the back door and stole the obvious stuff . kate and jeremy hope the robbers will get caught .
gisela met her sister's former neighbour last night . they talked about work . gisela does not like talking about her job .
blake's neighbour's children are very noisy and he can't focus on his work . the neighbour has ignored his requests to keep it quiet . lorenzo recommends calling the police .
fiona's phone's going to die in about 30 minutes .
jen has been fired again and she's angry about it . the job was away from home and not well paid , though . kaz suggests a drink , so they will meet at 7 30 pm at jen's place .
julie asked jack to buy the daily mail on his way home .
kathy wants to have a baby with mike .
will wants to drop the course as he doesn't understand it , but at rose's request , who promises to help him , he agrees to wait until the drop deadline .
abby invites jason to go see the movie about queen with her this wednesday , as wednesdays are cheaper days at the cinema . jason might have to go to his mom for dinner , but they might still be able to catch a late screening .
joe doesn't want to join peter for football as it bores him .
paul and gina are going to corsica by ferry . they are excited about the wineries there .
monika thinks marlene did not know monika wanted to keep the engagement secret . monika wants to fix the tension between the two . sharon believes monika should wait a few days .
emily went to the doctor for an ultrasound . the growth rate of the embryo is normal . emily is expecting a boy .
sally has found a beautiful dress for christmas .
dan was given a positive feedback on a poll concerning his video making tutorial .
henry has just arrived but he's lost . henry is facing the new café on the train station . abigail advises henry to turn left and go straight ahead .
a girl asked rick for his number . morty is worried that she has some bad intentions .
chris' parents were worried that he was silent , but he didn't have access to the internet . he is in manaus now and he's just sent them a postcard .
patty accuses jennel of telling some girl that patty had a thing with someone and now the girl hates patty . jennel promises she didn't do anything .
rachelle and jamila are out of food . they will order something tonight and buy some food later . jamila will cook tomorrow .
clara , megan and emilia are getting excited about the possibility of going to a concert in august .
ross and monica broke up . monica wishes not be invited to the same events as ross . monica doesn't want to give more details right now . monica is staying at her parents' place .
grace has sent emily 2 photos of recipes for meatballs from the current issue of women's health . grace cannot go to the grandma's birthday party tonight because she has a night shift . grace will visit emily in the evening tomorrow .
at mandy's request , lisa will buy some water on her way home .
margo thought it was saturday , but it's friday and she has to be at work in an hour .
leda , gaby , ivan and marc are deciding which shows to see . they are also deciding on the mode of transportation they're going to use .
jacob sends ava his assignment .
dirk has heard a law firm commercial about disability claims that might interest molly . molly has not yet filed a disability claim . molly might get her loss of wages back . molly's credit card debit is getting higher . molly's pain is still tom much for her to get back to work .
josh wants to buy her a ring , but he doesn't know her size . monica will help him to figure it out .
laura preferred ahmad's previous haircut .
welo , john , agnieszka and maryia are meeting next week at 17 30 at nero to work on their project . they are supposed to prepare global level characteristics value system for the first workshop , for which they need to get access to euromonitor .
julia and patrick won't meet today , but they will meet next friday .
carl in stuck on the m6 near stoke so should be home by 9 . dee will keep carl some dinner .
ian's favorite dish is paella .
mr . brown will send the meeting summary to mr . alphonse wilson . the objectives for the new project have been established but the company needs to find new financial resources . mr . alphonse wilson prefers pr actions but they might need to look for outside sponsors .
gina got a broken package . it was supposed to be a gift for christmas . she will ask them for a replacement .
jorge , vera and david are having a family evening . david will come after 9 .
jeniffer is still in boston . she will not be back before the weekend .
rodger and walter are worried about tobias , but he calms them that it's just side effect of his meds .
rosie is still a bit sick . louise and rosie have an appointment today at 8 p . m . depending on what the doctor says , they may come and see with fred after 8 p . m .
maverick forgot to pick up the kids , he's going now .
emily and oliver have an appointment at the movie theatre . they both believe to be at the candy station but cannot find each other .
the banana cookies were easy to make and the guests liked them .
mea needs to work few hours on sunday . ersin is in gdynia and will be back on saturday night .
vicky and brian will watch the meteor shower tonight . brian will create a group chat to invite others .
a and m are discussing details of a game they are playing .
laura is coming to london on 11 17 february . tess is coming around the same time . kevin offered laura to stay at his place .
jorge found out today that he will be a father . he doesn't know the sex of the baby .
billy killed himself . they tried to save him but the bleeding was too intense . eddy and mark liked billy's sense of humour .
lilly wants to watch the movie split on netflix if it's available . frances liked it , especially james mcavoy's acting .
mark apologized to linda . she doesn't want to meet with mark .
mark and alex found frank on a photo .
isabel has recommended lydia an app called mobilevoip . lydia and isabel like the app . it has saved them money on international calls . it is possible to send messages via the app .
abigail is sad and wants to tell amber and faith what happened , so they will come to her place .
sophie got a daniel wellington watch last year in swiss store using a gift card . she wears it every day and is satisfied with it . sophie considers buying one for julie's birthday .
kitty and victoria write fanfiction . victoria is working with her friend on a harry potter story set in 1970s . she'll co write something with kitty after her exams .
francie will wear the turquiose dress for her second date .
peter had an accident on the road , and he destroyed his car . luckily , peter did not hurt anyone , including himself .
ursula is feeling low because her boyfriend has left her .
patrick will buy soft drinks and some snacks for the party .
harper is upset with him because he tried to take credit for the presentation he didn't prepare . he now has to prepare a new one for professor garcia . harper finds him undeserving of a master's degree . theodore dislikes group projects .
anna asignes isabella some data entry work in excell paid 10 dollars per sheet . isabella is on summer break at home . she accepts the task .
erica is worried about paul . he's distant and cold and they haven't talked on the phone for days . he has never told her that he loves her , but they've only been together for less than a year .
daniel and marie will come over tonight to share something important . madison is angry , because she has a lot to do .
daniel doesn't want to go for lunch because he has a lot of work to do . marie , tom and daniel will have lunch in the foyer at 13 . 15 .
kieran left his laptop at home . luke doesn't have a laptop either . jack has a laptop . he will meet connor on the 3rd floor .
ted suggests that gail should take ted's copy of the report from the yesterday's meeting and make another one for himself .
enrique relaxed during the weekend . zoe biked 100 km , whereas clare put her things in order at home .
mike doesn't know when john will be back . ann wants to visit john , but doesn't want to call him because of his mom . mike will call ann later .
henry wants hector to show him how to play something on keyboard . hector is enthusiastic about showing henry how to play amelie , but henry does not like this idea .
flo needs to have her hair dyed , but her hairdresser is too busy . she'll buy a touch up kit at tesco .
whistler , jamison , newell , gerald and mel were not invited to ted's wedding . mel is not going to get married anytime soon .
abigail and susan are going to the martin's wedding . abigail took care of travelling and accommodation . they would like to stay for sunday lunch . they will travel by train . the departure is at 5 56 on saturday , arrival at 1 12 pm . on sunday , departure is at 6 29 and arrival at 11 59 pm .
anne is selling everything including her desk as she wants to redecorate . joanna thinks it's snobbish as anne just bought this desk .
jerry is depressed because he had an argument with his wife janet . he was tired and stressed after work and he raised his voice at her , and they argued for 20 minutes . now she is in their bedroom and she won't talk to jerry .
amanda is worried the workers won't finish redecoration by the end of february , before the wedding . john is going to talk to them . alexis wants to talk to them too and put more pressure . any delay will cost the workers a lot .
jacob took his recycling bins out on wednesday instead of thursday . it happened to joanna once too .
pete has lost his notes from scotti's course when he was running for a bus . julie is going to give him her notes .
piyush is working in the security department with concentrix and finds it tiring . karen advises him not to worry .
larry is getting late for the meeting .
joan has lived in brazil for 3 years , whereas victoria since 2011 . victoria would like to go back to the uk , but her boyfriend wants to stay . victoria and joan don't feel safe . joan was assaulted last month , they pointed a gun to her head . joan is considering going back to the uk .
the video newton has sent around is disgusting .
lynn wants to look for a new job as the new manager puts too much pressure on her . she and her team are scared to talk to her . gabriela and betty advise lynn to talk to her anyway .
gemma is about to invite guests , and she's consulting it with timmy . timmy will bring his cousin .
natasha is having her farewell party tonight at palazzo . natasha is keen on coming back to russia . mike and jenny will come for the party .
connie graduated , but cliff didn't come to her celebration party .
damarion woke mara up . damarion drinks a beer as he has to wait 2 hours for his next flight . damarion's been going by plane as a passenger for 5 days and tomorrow he'll be back at work .
lizzy is worried they will be late because she has to wait for will for 5 minutes .
jenny has posted the form for bromley this morning , including the plans for this job and for the previous one . jenny will take care of newcastle and sheffield assignments this afternoon . today she will leave work at 4 . jenny will make sure louise and phil are coming to the training on wednesday .
john will work home office today and has to inform simon who coordinates works of the office .
greg will be in hospital for 4 5 weeks . sandra's mum is cooking for him and sandra . clara will get them groceries tomorrow around 2 pm . gwen offered to drive duncan to school , theo's wife is picking him up tomorrow .
paul and jane will have a coffee break and a cigarette in 5 minutes .
tom and rachel with watch the game tonight at tom's place at 8 pm . peter will join them around 9 pm .
henry will be 20 minutes late for his meeting with ann . ann will wait for him at the bookstore .
mira isn't going to the birgit's dinner because she didn't get an invitation . birgit told tim on monday that she had invited mira .
mel worked at a company , izzy inquired about , but left 2 months ago . connie is working there at the moment , but thinks about changing her job .
pamela has trouble finding a gift for calvin's birthday . he doesn't like movies nor books , but he likes sports such as basketball , so she will get him a headband .
tammy , chris and amanda are going to buy tina the grey one for birthday .
simon , danie and tom discuss the rent a kid initiative whereby people take care of someone else's children for one day .
laura's phone number is 394 8300 03843 .
to protect themselves from spam messages , darcy uses protonmail , whereas cory uses anti spam filters and he doesn't subscribe to newsletters .
nick and max miss the old days when they were going to the games together . they want to do it again , even if they're living in different places now .
stefan enjoyed the cauliflower rice leslie brought yesterday . gabriel also likes it . cauliflower rice is healthy and versatile .
sharon was called into the disciplinary meeting with bosses after a loud argument with her manager carrie . there will be a team meeting on thursday . louise will drop mel off around 2 30 .
to everyone's surprise , angel has a boyfriend .
paul and steve are going to the gym at 4 , john is busy .
george will meet with julia at the weekend .
hank will surprise him after yari opens the door .
jason js looking for some lecture notes . adrianne offers some notes she took whereas angelica remembers some more related facts .
martha bought a cow . she named it mathilda .
the present political system has gone wrong and it is time for change . there are too many brainless old white people in politics for the young to get involved .
lucienne haven't talked to mom yet .
elias was at the cinema to see a funny drama . elias spoiled the plot for jon . elias cried a lot watching the film . elias is being laughed at by his friends .
adam is looking for ideas for his next date with nelly . he has already taken her to the cinema . nelly doesn't drive so adam doesn't want to take her go karting . he doesn't want to go ice skating because he hates winter sports . he likes max's bowling idea .
john and julian will watch a jackie chan movie tonight .
randy has contacted joyce after a very long time . joyce graduated from the university and is currently looking for a job or internship . randy broke up with sarah last september .
frankie fed birdie before she left .
ruth , myron , tina , paula , gerard and hugh are planning to go on a holiday trip together this summer . they have agreed on renting a car and going to masuria . karen can't go , because she going to spain to her mom , but she knows masuria and has offered help .
anna's being sent to bangkok for a work project . her partner henry got promoted at his work , so he can't go with her . anna is worried about her relationship .
james was fired yesterday around 3 p . m .
tom used jane's toothbrush by accident .
ronny and walt are meeting in front of walt's building at 3 today to go home together .
paul jokingly invites gail to a date tonight .
vesna's tickets to serbia were moved for 2nd may instead of 2nd march , so she will visit ost in may . ost's mom is taking care for david , while damir is with his mom at a kindergarten workshop . ost has received certificates of vaccine for obtaining a child's supplement for david .
mariah's gps is not working .
joyce's cat's name is flix . megan's friend has a cat named felix . megan's first dog's name was x .
daisy isn't sure the dress looks nice . it does to logan .
laila passed by an italian restaurant at chester road , where she and wagner had their first date . wagner will try to book a table there for saturday evening .
ann sent lucy a video of a poem written by a 93 year old woman . they both think that it is stunning .
jerry will call lidia as he is preparing for work and she has 10 minuted of free time .
allan gets extremely nervous when he has to perform in public . alfred is more experienced in this matter .
victoria sends megan and florence a link . victoria and florence spend a lot of time on youtube .
during the meeting yesterday , mike treated marlene badly when she told him she forgot to prepare the statistics .
courtney didn't come to class . she thinks it's wednesday and it's thursday . she will miss her test .
edward would like clem to prioritize the notes he sent her . clem is still reviewing the damocles case . edward suggests she hands this over to rick and focuses on the notes . clem will contact rick .
tryce finds victor's friend very attractive . she might see him again tomorrow .
olga missed danuta's call . olga will come to danuta tomorrow around 11 a . m .
tom will see rose in 30 minutes to inaugurate their new cafe .
bradley will meet with mary in 15 minutes . they'll go to the cinema . bradley is saving mary from an embarrassment they were supposed to go tomorrow , but she mistook the dates .
olivia has just seen the news and wonders if tara and vinnie are okay . tara is fine and vinnie's garden got destroyed , but they're fine .
greg and maria went to trattoria da carlo yesterday and liked it .
iggy and lucas have some relationship problems .
ahad left his piano in the studio . eva took the piano to her home . ahad will collect it tomorrow .
xavier has changed his mind and is not going to vote . rodney thinks he should .
natasha's husband painted her hair yesterday . natasha is going to fix it in the hair salon .
michael wants tia to send him the picture of shoes she chose online . he wants them in black . tia will see if black ones are available and if not , what other colors can be chosen .
sybille is back from new orleans and is seeing caro at hers at 2 pm tomorrow . caro will be late as she's waiting for her mum . caro and sybille are having a party this weekend . sybille will pick up the girls first .
at tomorrow's meeting laura and wade will discuss ideas for mom's birthday .
simone's going home in 10 minutes . he'll give zelda a lift . they'll meet at the staircase .
kaylee and charlie are going to a new ukrainian restaurant . charlie's boyfriend recommended it to her . adrian will join them . he's going to pick them up at 13 . 50 . the reservation is for 14 . 00 .
richard's watched la la land and really liked it . richard and susan agree that ryan's performance was perfect . richard and susan find the scene with the dance in the moonlight beautiful .
jake will return lucas his chemistry book .
mike wants to text a girl called maya , but he's not sure if that's her name .
molly , terry and john will meet tomorrow after 5 p . m . and will cook something at john's place .
mary won't come to tom's party this weekend because of her grandmother passing yesterday .
nelson would like to move to spain , but he doesn't have money .
emily saw richard at the beach . he was with three of her friends . emily will see richard tomorrow .
agnes will warm up the dinner , because tommy is coming back . olga will get some bread .
supriya will be home late . linda will eat in the restaurant across the street .
antonia will go shopping to get some ingredients for the lasagna before she comes home .
carol and will are now in mexico , precisely in yucatan . it's a pretty safe part of mexico . will is going to have his hip operation soon . it's a standard procedure , so it should go without complications .
kai , tim and aldo visited ari . they are in yazd now . weather is hot in yazd . kai , tim and aldo will go to esfahan tomorrow .
sasha got promoted so she gets to travel a lot . sasha went to warsaw and portugal . sasha will let harry know if she hears about a job offer for him .
paulina found patty behind the wardrobe .
jayden is coming to florida next month , probably to miami . he doesn't like alaska , where he lives . luke offers him a place to stay .
marie has seen jacob walk by so he must be at the park .
david reimer was born a boy , but lost his penis during medical circumcision at early age . his parents were manipulated by dr money to change david's gender . he underwent sex surgery , hormone treatment and was brought up as brenda . when he discovered the truth , he committed suicide at the age of 38 .
jonathan will watch riley's kids . he will stay for dinner . there'll be homemade hamburgers .
sarah and gerry will attend group study sessions for their psychology class at carol's house every day from 5 6 pm . there are 12 people in the group and each will present 1 of 12 topics to others in the group . the group will stay after college this thursday to assign topics .
mila sends over a vlogmas to sandra and emma , but it's no longer available .
derek forgot he told his date to come over to his apartment . his flatmate julie is saving the situation stalling .
zac left school two days ago after his mother's fight with the administrators .
gael and radcliff have their first dance lesson today . they have to decide which video to use . radcliff will bring an extra pair of shoes for mandy who will probably also join them .
janice will buy chicken thighs and roast them with vegetables . daniel loves the idea .
jane will buy some fruits in the market . she wants to make smoothies for taylor and for herself today .
teddy is arriving without sarah on the 30th at 1 . 00 pm and coming back on the 5th at 4 pm . helena's address is al krakowska 241 . helena will pick teddy up from the airport on friday .
alana really likes the song sent by al .
julia missed her uber . anne will order one for her . julia is at george street 32 .
chris is going to be back home in 20 minutes . joanne is waiting for him .
terry , nils , sam and cheryl will go to ikea tomorrow . sam will write to them later .
kai will come to isla's xmas party on sunday at 6 pm .
claire and lucy are meeting at costa in 2 minutes .
terry and ruby will grab a coffee after classes .
wilson will buy cucumber and tomato for wendy .
nicky and betty are meeting tomorrow at zach's the same time as before . nicky will see jack today . betty has no plans for tonight just yet .
gus came in time for the game . terry will be late and he hopes they'll let him in after the first 10 minutes of the game .
paddy recommends dan to take the trip .
robyn will join joshua's mission whenever he's free . robyn and joshua are going to drink beer after 10 .
olivier will come to lydia for barbecue in one hour . he'll bring beer .
anna and diana are preparing the gala , and they're discussing some organizational details .
kim can't join julia for kate's concert in spatiff . kim and julia will go to an acoustic jam session in harris on monday at 9 pm .
meg and francis are going to go to ikea to get some bits and pieces . they haven't been there for months .
edgar was flying a lufthansa plane . he enjoyed his flight but didn't like the food .
norrie is sick of her partner keeping the bugs in their house . pat lets her partner keep the fishing equipment in the garage , without the bugs . lynn suspects they might be somewhere else in the house .
alex will present melissa's collection tomorrow at 12 45 . it's for her graduation project . she shouldn't wear too much make up and melissa will do the hair .
nancy and rosie will go to the cinema this weekend . the only movies nancy doesn't want to watch are horror and superhero ones .
daniel has to buy a new hard drive . isaac is also thinking about buying a new hard drive , because the one he has now is too loud . moreover , the prices for ssd drives have dropped .
crystal is considering buying a laptop . mel suggests buying a cheaper laptop and a desktop pc .
jess is in ny . she'll be coming to san francisco and she will see winston . they might go skiing or skating together . on wednesday winston will see a car .
brenda and justin will take their cat to the vet on monday at 4 . 30 p . m .
lucy could not talk on the phone because she was in the cinema . lucy will call jennifer back at 10 30 pm .
lisa ordered sushi and mike is coming back home .
kate and travis owe barbara money . travis will transfer his share this evening , kate will bring the cash tomorrow .
sue's car was taken to his unit . there are bigger problems with the car than expected . lennon is still in turkey . andy is planning to rent a sun bed for a month . sue thinks andy should check the size of the sun bed to be sure it fits the bedroom .
elisabeth will pick alice up because she got lost .
dominique will give gracelyn a lift to work tomorrow at 8 because gracelyn's car is in the shop .
hailey and ava will buy an excursion for mark and jenna as their wedding present .
marlene has a pharyngitis . kate will get something from a pharmacy and will see marlene soon .
hannah is waiting for florence downstairs and she wants her to hurry up as one cannot park here .
chris cleaned a whole house for carol to cheer her up .
natalie is grateful for patrick's comments . patrick will join her at the meeting tomorrow at 12 00 .
there is how i met your mother on netflix .
aretha has to wait for dominick as he will be 15 minutes late .
jay will go to a party with martha tonight . he will be over in 10 minutes .
peter and aneja fixed the pipe for anna and julian is impressed .
bill have a lot of sentiment toward his band in teenage time . bill and rene want to fly to a concert together .
dr baraglio doesn't work with tom and peter any more . this is unfortunate for tom , because he lent him something .
joey is unhappy cause she took food of his plate .
larry sends a few photos from his wedding . larry and chloe look very happy .
james will be back at 8 . vivien will put prosecco in the freezer .
samantha keeps forgetting to buy the train tickets . she should do it soon , because they're selling out fast before christmas .
andrew hasn't read any books about writing . joe recommends stephen king's on writing . joe is trying to spend 2 hours every day reading and writing . joe has just sent his first fantasy book for self publishing .
amy doesn't go to escape rooms because she's afraid . john tries to convince her .
saralee's laptop is broken . brooke's flatmate might be able to fix it . brooke will let saralee know if she can come over and show the laptop to him . jack can offer advice should saralee need to buy a new one .
jane wants to adopt a dog . dave adopted a trixie from a shelter .
ruby sends aaron a video as a surprise gift .
linda bough high heels . she got a discount . she loves them .
tyler , marley and camden are coming on sunday . robert can come next week . rory will be there . tyler wants rory to make sure his pals show up .
violet and tom will meet at golf shack at 6 after work to buy a gift card . it will be a present from violet to bob for christmas .
tia will take ollie and betty to the cinema on saturday . they will watch marry poppins . claire will bring ollie and his discount card . ollie will stay at tia's for dinner . elaine won't join , she will visit her family in york .
vic likes to play old computer game heros sometimes . there is also mobile version of this game called war and magic . the app is for free but there are ads . ads can be skipped if wi fi is turned off . vic and natty are downloading games for their phones .
dylan will pick jack up in 30 minutes . they will go to look for some furniture to the office and jack will help dylan carry heavy things .
julian wants to reschedule the performance at blind goose to next tuesday . brady can't come , so he wants a refund .
melanie is preparing green tomato apple chutney following the bbcfood link tracy send her .
wayne missed the training today , he was at his mum's . he helped her out with electricity issues . he will come tomorrow . peter , the coach will send him his number .
jenny and kim will meet tomorrow after school in the library to talk about their project .
there appeared some cracks in walls of both andrea and lorenzo's houses due to the earthquake caused by etna . the officials've closed a few old churches but lorenzo hopes it's safe to stay there .
megan has moved out of jennie's neighborhood . they all miss each other . megan's going to plan a meet up .
sandra got a caramel flavoured drink called twix at starbucks .
phil's learning japanese .
harmonie will work on the report for ada today , after she finishes working on the file from cynthia .
phil's first meeting with the new group went very well . cindy is cooking dinner for phil , who will join her in a few minutes .
mary wants some ideas about what to wear to work . gina , mery and zoe wear smart clothes . abi wears suits and heels . ruth wears smart clothes all week apart from friday .
joan invites aisha over , but she has to study and she will not come this time .
claire hasn't started the essay yet . amy has written one page .
he wants frank , gomez and james to come the time they don't have classes . james suggests to complain to paul about the situation tomorrow .
khaled's new song is going to be played on the radio next month . his friends support his career .
barbara needs someone who can edit videos as she needs it for work . ed cannot do it himself , but has a friend who can .
ann needs to finish an e mail . then ann will bring the external drive from the office to bob at his request .
milena has a dilema about changing her job . claudia will do a little reconnaissance about the other company that want to hire milena .
jane has managed to type in the correct door code .
matt considers disenchantment an average series .
richard bought a dress for emma . alice likes it very much . richard found out that he can use gifs in text messages .
the hotel has been closed down . the restaurant will be closed on sunday .
andy is looking for a lego ice cream van . bob has a spare pizza truck . andy will buy it from bob for 10 .
jane can't join the charity streching class tomorrow .
alisson won two vouchers for nutcracker , but terry and freddie do not want to accompany her .
mindy has to pick up paul from the nursery , so she will meet with carol at 8 30 instead of 7 30 .
george will visit lambert in the hospital at 12 pm .
tracey and pauline will meet after easter .
erika , martin and joanna are disappointed with the woman they followed . joanna and erika think her nobel prize should be withdrawn .
frankie , fedora , mark , milena and fernando are poking fun at donald trump . fedora and milena hope oprah will replace trump .
sandra has pms and is not feeling well . she canceled her meeting with tom . sue has eaten a banana and fish fingers and is feeling nauseous . sandra thinks drinking mint might help .
tammy and millie are surprised how christmas shopping has changed over the past 10 years , although ronnie does most of the shopping for millie . tammy has to do it herself . millie has to drive a lot during christmas , while tammy stays in the city .
there is a client waiting in the office . ben will be there in 10 minutes . charles is also on his way .
kate thinks they should go to the south for the new year's eve . will agrees . for him , bangkok is too crowded and chaotic . jenny likes it , but she would still prefer to go to the islands .
herman invited elly for lunch . he will pick her up from george's at 1 o'clock .
jamie , alberto and dana met by accident . dana's going to paris the next day , alberto's going on work trip to berlin , lisbon and sao paolo , jamie's boarding a plane . they're planning to meet in paris .
rita can't open the link with a cat meme from ruth . rita does not like cats .
ali will not go to zumba , because she broke her tooth on connor's halloween sweets and she needed to go to a dentist .
a team supported by joel didn't do well in the last champions league match and steven claims that the team may not qualify . however , joel is optimistic and hopes that rashford does better in the remaining match .
nat is not feeling well after eating fish at a restaurant . nat and sam won't go there again .
sol wants to buy lego friends for zoe .
boris believes he was charged twice for one of the products when he did shopping . he has to send them a copy of the receipt first . then he needs to show up in the store . they will check the video footage to confirm the problem .
barbara and her family go to the zoo around 11 am . liz is still with her parents in law . liz's and her family will join barbara at 1 pm .
jessie sends logan what she wants for christmas as she doesn't like surprises . logan sends her a picture of a car as a suggestion for what he wants for christmas .
luke and tony will bring drafts tomorrow .
lilly's uncle is in the hospital , so she can't go to the cinema .
winnie has broken her leg . she slipped in the shower and she needed an ambulance . she was given morphine . she can't visit hilary . they postpone for the spring .
lamar , tammy and frederica are meeting in around 30 minutes .
jill is mad with her boyfriend . he went for a beer with his friends last night and came back at 3 am totally drunk . he didn't respond to jill's calls . jill will talk to him when he wakes up .
philip forgot about the anniversary dinner with daisy and now she's mad at him . she wants to break up with him .
archie has a stomach ache so kale will visit him .
stacey read the newspaper online . 5 teenagers died in an escape room fire in northern poland . stacey and lucas went to an escape room last year .
aryanna wants theodore to tell her the name of the film they watched the last group meetup back in march . he'll give her a number to will who brought the film , so she can ask him .
lee smith has been inducted into the hof in 2019 . sheila and damon admire him .
theo is thinking about going for holiday in october this year . adam is thinking about june . he had argued with layla , so he's not sure if she'll come along . he's going to talk with her .
arnie asks barbara for permission to go to jason's after school for 2 3 hours . barbara wants him to be back for dinner .
john is waiting for annie by the entrance . annie will join him in 10 minutes .
martha suggests irwin that they need to buy a new mattress . irwin can't go with martha to the shop today as he has to work until 8 pm but decides to take her there tomorrow .
kate got a job offer . she was at a conference on saturday and she met a girl who was handling social media for celebrities . the girl offered kate a job in her office . it won't be a full time job , but one of kate's side projects .
josh is staying in town till january . he is not going to uk in december . natalia's family is not religious . natalia wants to meet for beer on december 20th . josh , natalia , mario and kelly will exchange funny gifts under 10 euro .
tina , sara and marin compliment gabrielle on her looks and suggest that she should choose the red shoes .
the director of the museum was suspended this morning due to an alleged embezzlement of some funds .
sally , caron and the boys are fans of queen and freddy mercury . sally and caron want to take the boys for an early dinner , watch the film , and then go to the pubs . the night out is going to be this weekend or the next , depending on rob . ted is expected to join them .
caroline asks jeff to warm up her lunch box in the microwave .
walter wants to borrow a drill from simon . simon is at the gym , julie is at home .
margaret is too tired to cook . chris will get food for her on his way home . she wants pizza or pasta with some olives .
henry is missing yana at work today . yana had a wonderful time with her dad .
dan will let dad know when his results are out .
shanice's man , troy , is at home with her right now , but he lives in alaska , which makes her jealous . ellie got together with franklin , who is british . all four will meet at shanice's mom barbecue on saturday . ellie will make a carrot cake .
sid upset renata in that meeting . sid does not care if renata is offended or if she decides to leave the team . renata can be unreliable but she has a positive attitude and some good ideas . halina is more reliable than renata but has a more negative attitude .
amelia wants to go shopping on sunday with anna . anna can't join her , because she has already plans for the whole day .
wayne , sharon and paulina are meeting for dinner downstairs at 8 . wayne is buying fish cakes , paulina is making a salad and sharon is bringing some white wine .
naomi is getting a new phone , samsung galaxy s8 plus . amelia's brother has it and thinks it is huge . there are new phone cases with a ring on the back to hold the phone . the phone is a better device than her laptop . she got it with 30 discount because she found a deal on the app .
mary has a fever , so she and john can't join the celebration .
jane sent two photos . lucy and linda advise her for the first choice .
a table at sketch costs 600 zlotys . it can be divided between 6 people and a bottle of belvedere with 6 redbulls is included .
alexander will send freddie a picture of his plant when he gets back home .
yusef is going to buy red wine in tesco .
hayden is looking for a place to learn russian . chandler goes to empik but that's too expensive for hayden . chandler got a family discount through cam , who works there .
he was snappy with meghan after she asked him a question . he has to spend 2 days with the family . chris suggests this might be the reason he's in a bad mood .
perry has been waiting 15 min as he was supposed to meet with west and henry . in fact , they said tuesday at 8 instead of november 8th . perry admits it's his fault .
amanda's seeing a guy who's trying to break into her neighbour's home . wendy's calling the police . they will be there in 2 minutes .
brian is driving now . he will call jack in 10 minutes .
jeff will buy bread and a bit of cheese .
noah will buy some bread and red wine . sarah and kim are coming over tonight . sarah will bring some sushi from kagos and michelle will prepare some snacks . michelle does not like choya .
the dog peed on matilda's and max's bed .
daniel and sophie break up .
franklin wants juan to tell him a joke . juan tells a joke about an elephant , a donkey , the lion and crocodiles . for franklin it's enough and he doesn't want any other jokes .
donna has no idea what she should buy her mother for christmas . gloria has some suggestions but none of them is good enough .
hailey doesn't approve of eating rabbits . robert makes pure eating choices .
tinley and crew want to go to melbourne together . first they have to convince their parents to let them .
sarah got the notes from the class today . she will send them to finn . he is worried about the test .
terry and louis are too tired to go out with nina tonight .
daniela and amanda are on their way to the airport .
nathalie went to a salsa lesson which she really enjoyed . she will attend classes every wednesday and saturday . her friend may join her .
smoking was banned on campus . felix is not happy about it . joan agrees with the ban . she stopped smoking .
there is a loud noise coming from ewa's flat , which bothers adam and her other neighbours . ewa refuses to turn it down . adam is calling the police .
dorian has just had 4th job interview this week , for a data entry position . the interviewer was nice , but some questions he asked were strange . dorian should hear back from the interviewers next week . beverly got a rise , so she's not looking for a new job at the moment .
alex says jane can't cook very well , she only knows how to make basic foods . she won't be a good mummy . jane threatens to break up with alex , unless he tells her a compliment . alex can only say that she has good friends , and not much else . she offers to carve a heart on a potato for alex .
noah shares the photos of the whales they saw while sailing today . it was so moving marry shed some tears . nicolas needs their exact coordinates to he can try as well . he tried last year but didn't see any .
robert and sandy are planning to go out together , but robert doesn't like modern art , although sandy loves it . they are considering to go to the movies . sandy doesn't like horrors . they decide to go to see a documentary about afghanistan at 7 . 30 . they will meet at 7 . 15 at the cinema . t
linda has got the sims 4 since wednesday . bethany doesn't have a pc now , because brian took it to his new apartment .
jim is taking orders from everybody in the office . jim will get dumplings for tom .
dorris wants his daughter mendy to always pray and take care .
mary is on vacation in tahiti so she's not having dinner in london tonight .
ben needs some time before he buys something from henry who wants to make up his mind fast as there are others considering to buy it .
finlay is not feeling well , so he's not sure if he will be able to come to central railway station at 7am to meet with albert , owen , frederick and caleb .
anna and sarah are sad because their favourite cafe does no longer exist .
matt got snickers for kaz .
elsie spent all day baking cookies for her mom . she will send them by mail .
jackie made an appointment with carol for friday , 3 30 p . room 2 .
aleena wants to fo for a one hour walk on friday . ben thinks it does not need to be planned . she does not want to watch tv but prefers to go outside .
jennifer and katy are home .
sanchez will bring joe's boots to their training .
edward has one extra ticket for the primavera festival in barcelona and is looking for company . william wants to join him .
joanna has a viral infection but feels better today . she might join in the outing . ann will bring cake and sausages . ann will pick marta up around 3 pm .
theresa must have an unpleasant conversation with tommy .
ron , harry and heather passed micro .
mary forgot about mom's birthday but monica remembers and has come up with an idea for a gift which is a painting . monica also informs mary that jill will buy some flowers .
jo read a conference paper and the audience understood it . jo has networking to do now .
ann will talk on monday with joan and john about the new big contract with google . she needs them to be motivated and at their best next week .
cecilia is going to make 5 copies for german .
there is no information to summarise
sara will use costumes from previous plays and organize the decorations . michelle will play jazz music from her laptop and recreate a 20s atmosphere .
lawrie found buyers for ann's old sofa . they agreed on a price of 500 . ann will act as a go between . lawrie is going to send ann pictures of the sofa tonight .
rod and onslow help windy to get geography notes as she has missed a class .
uma's sister gave birth to a baby boy that is always sleeping . ina asks her to give congrats to her sister .
the classico last night was good and barca won . ashley will give kaka 10 bucks for winning their bet .
donna does not have her wallet on her this morning . alex will lend her 10 dollars .
coco , phil and greg discuss vegan milk and its carbon footprint .
holly is on a date .
hector is forced to call off the party because yuri's rabbit , nivea , has died and yuri is devastated . ashley will text yuri soon to check on him . niamh used to have a rabbit , pip , who died after 3 years .
oscar has found an old photo of himself , erica and martine . the photo was taken after 2001 and is very funny .
ewa and aneta are coming today . aneta will be there around 8 . piotr will meet them there .
cristal and joe will meet at candy's at 7 pm for night studying as they have a test tomorrow morning .
violet , tabitha , scarlett and benjamin had a nice evening . benjamin organized it .
kate wants to bath in fuerteventura . charles and jeff say it'll be around 20 degrees there then .
tanya is in barcelona . she sends lynda a few pictures to cheer her up . lynda is sick . she sends tanya a picture of a bracelet she bought in warsaw .
joshua will be with jessica in 5 minutes . it's raining and jessica doesn't have her umbrella , so she will wait for joshua inside .
alan and morag are going for a walk tomorrow at 9 pm .
pam's sister wants to use her apartment if linda doesn't need it . linda can't make it while pam is in the sates . pam can offer it to her sister .
anna forgot to take the cat to the vet . she will take it tonight .
cael and mae would have to ask cr to talk to their professor about visual learning . maya cannot quite understand the books she's reading and she hopes to get better grades when their mode of teaching is changed .
shirley doesn't like kim's new boyfriend because he acts as if he was better than everyone else . chrissy feels bad for kim . barb will set up a date with kim and her boyfriend to check him out .
brenda closed the door and the windows and walked the dog , too .
peter wants to meet will and stay at his place for the night . will allows him to , but he wants to ask peter's mother for a permission first .
ava is going to see ms amelia later today .
katelyn and eric are planing to go travelling the world starting from mexico .
monica is in the hospital . sakis visited her a week ago . he will call her . lindsay visited her today . monica is feeling better . rafael will call her soon . monica is having a surgery tonight . rafael will visit her after the surgery .
the icelandic government allowed 2000 whales to be killed in the next five years .
daisy will come to amy's place at around 5 . 30 . amy baked a cake . daisy will let her know when she's on her way .
ian has a date with lucy and is on his way to pick her up . neither chase nor tyler are happy about it .
soukaina is taking a break in front of the office and sergio will join her in 5 minutes . sergio asks her for a cigarette , to which she willingly agrees .
martina and evie will have a coffee together at 5 at the usual place .
sylvester and selvyn will meet thorne around 7 .
mary does not like the movie she watched with kate . kate likes the movie because of the actor mel gibson . mary thinks that kate watches bad movies only for attractive actors .
luke is in america and he will not visit for christmas .
amelia invited class to her home birthday party on next saturday . julia and tom can't come , because they have a dentist appointment .
kate doesn't have any school exchanges in the near future . kate didn't get to go on the exchange to the usa , because of opinions from her teachers .
alex will accompany ruth at the mall on saturday at around 2 pm , and later they'll watch manchester united play bournemouth .
the topic for the history interview is something about modern russia .
louis helps her cousin fawn organizing her murder mystery party and deciding on its main theme pirates , beach party casino or hollywood .
brenda , william and joseph are going to the cinema this evening . joseph may be late .
on january 11th eve has to work and sue has classes in the morning . eve is throwing a party in the evening . she will be back from work by 5 pm . sue is coming . simon will make a playlist .
lola , michelle , rose and laura participated in a conference call .
doug and his friends are waiting for dan in the bar . they are supposed to watch the chelsea game there . dan will be there very soon .
nathan joined a music band as a lead singer . brandon will come to his next concert .
harry is waiting outside waiting for dianne to open the door .
siobhan proposes to watch anote's ark , the documentary about kiribati , in their club . she has a free online version until 20 of may . sean agrees .
hugh will go fishing with jim and fred . they will take fred's car and he is going to drive .
greta's and martin's assignment for chem class is preparing an experiment .
they will not share their cigarettes with lily .
the new season of supernatural is very good . viktoria has a test tomorrow but she might watch it . the 6th episode is on air now so the previous ones are on cw .
karen took a half of a sleeping pill and she is falling asleep . she had some sleep problems .
brin got a job at bosco investment . he will start tomorrow morning . he needs to bring his identification documents with him .
april and amber are bored with the class . they are leaving the classroom although the class started 30 minutes ago .
andy took a bus to work and was nearly two hours late due to heavy snow . lennie will arrange shopping with home deliveries and andy doesn't mind him spending his money . andy's parents are coming by train and his mom will bring the turkey .
milo is in paris . dean likes milo's photo . milo invites dean and christine to visit him sometime .
leon's package has not come to miriam yet . leon and miriam live on different continents so it takes a long time .
helen can't forget a song from netflix's big mouth .
betty is going to the us in march . macbook is 600 euro cheaper in us than in europe . betty can't buy one for wendy because she will be travelling with her computer .
darwin recommends torrent and reddit to barbara .
lucas has been selected to take part in a project . he'll have to describe 500 images on an online recording app in polish . it is best that he uses an android device . lucas is away from today till 15th may . his deadline has been extended until midnight 17th may , cet .
allen advises jaden to take his family to an italian restaurant , big adriano , for dinner . he is their frequent client and their pasta and calzone are good . jaden will let him know how it goes and they will arrange their meeting .
jenny bought an amazing dress for josie's wedding . she and hanna will go window shopping friday night , as hanna is broke .
sarah and joseph do not know where to go . thomas gives them directions .
sharon's sons recovered from chicken pox . her relation with jack improved since he takes the boys once or twice a week . lia is settling in again .
jacob will pick up meg as she's drunk . she's sending him her location .
gavin is enthusiastic about the way sabres play this season . he believes that without skinner and with an intact core and a developing dahlin , the next season should also be good for the sabres . owen emphasizes how inconsistently they play , but agrees that they made an improvement .
he said that the earth is flat .
ace is awake . gloria is on her way .
felicia won't meet phobe and maggie , because she broke her leg and is in hospital now . the test form linguistics is on 14th of october . felicia asks phobe and maggie to make notes for her . they will visit her as soon as possible .
the donations have surpassed their goal . louis has bought a quilt at the auction .
kate probably broke up with her boyfriend as he drinks too much . he was drunk when holly was leaving the party at 10 . holly and nina want to meet kate to talk about it around midday tomorrow .
after karla turcios was murdered , they created a special prosecutor for femicides in el salvador . however , since the killing more than 140 women have been murdered . laura has friends working in san salvador . women are hated there and they also have very restrictive abortion law .
nationalists are protesting against parliament's decision to change macedonia's name . orthodox church is also against it .
elias is looking for a job . he's has 3 or 4 interviews so far .
maria and chris might adopt the puppy found by corey's sister .
it's minus 25 degrees outside . klaudia and jan convinced jacek to put on a hat .
amelia wants to make sure that don got the tickets . he did .
there is a new show with ruth wilson . she plays alice on luther as well . darcy watches it on iplayer .
mickey and lavinia are shocked because of what happened in india . a monkey snatched a baby and it died and the other one was hospitalized .
garry has left an opening for the fireplace and now finds the wind make a funny sound inside his house . neil wonders if garry might be high .
sharie doesn't want to join the new project at work because she finds it undoable . olivia and mikel have decided to work on it . their last project went as expected . olivia likes her current salary so she wouldn't like to change jobs .
liam asks about the code for the entrance door in the office . victoria gives the code , although it's forbidden .
josie and jill agreed to meet up for coffe at 7 o'clock .
arnold was transferred to italy for a few months . he will write to michelle tomorrow .
meg made a registration for both her flights vvihc2 for the caracas amsterdam and bgryu8 for amsterdam toulouse . she is leaving in two hours for the train station and then she's taking the bus to the airport .
silvia , jenny , matt and molly will go to john's book presentation .
tanya is leaving ireland tomorrow .
ethan will be inside the theatre in 2 minutes .
wednesday is a day off for rick while bella has all the classes . bella wonders how to make students discuss topics . rick suggests to discuss this issue with others and come up with some ideas .
margaret will come over to olivia's so that they can figure out the pressure cleaner's manual together .
clint from sunroof wants to discuss some details with his client aaron before he can start to repair his roof . aaron's insurance policy covers a new decking and fixing all damage connected with leaks and hail damage . sunroof is fully booked until 30st , they arrange to repair aaron's roof on 1st .
sol has just joined okcupid . barb doesn't like his profile picture . barb will take a new photo of him when they meet .
jack will prepare carbonara for dinner at 3 30 pm . it's stacy's favourite dish .
jensen is preparing a meal for his family .
adam will try to visit nathalie when he's in poznan in summer .
jason and poppy are waiting for kai in the hotel foyer .
otto , paul and patrick are meeting for dinner tomorrow at 8 pm . patrick will bring beer .
hannah is sending katherine a lot of cute animal videos to make her smile .
julia is taking a taxi , she missed the last train .
cyril will grab something to eat as alex is not cooking today .
cavil and suzie are flirting .
fisher is a cat person . zoe though the opposite .
a group of ussr student in the late fifties were found dead in deep ural .
kate and vicky will meet in starbucks in 10 minutes .
susan sent mark a motivational speaker's clip . mark watched it . he liked it . he followef up watching another videos of the speaker . susan will watch some as well .
archie and betty will have lunch tomorrow .
emsi's watching the mentalist and likes the actor in the leading role . katie and martie haven't watched it .
natalia is visiting stockholm next weekend and wanted to meet with sol . however , sol won't be able to meet natalia , as he will be staying in mexico for next 2 weeks .
maxwell advises ted to run eset on his laptop in order to clean any issues .
paul looks to charlotte for a book recommendation . charlotte's been greatly enjoying the office series , paul is sceptical about that but maybe will give it a try .
they are not going to party tonight because kevin and josh are busy .
gina , peppa and bernard have to check their e mails .
tommy is in the strand bookstore . he will buy a comic book about abortion for her which costs 30 .
ms . hawkins' dog shat on his lawn , but she doesn't believe it .
kate needs a movie to watch at weekend . adam will send kate a link to the old scandinavian thriller .
christina thinks her computer broke , and she's not able to finish her essay on american history . lee forgot about the essay . christina follows lee's advice , and finds out that the cable is disconnected .
nancy is informing about a job offer for nursery nurses . it's full and part job . robin wants to know more details . nancy gives the email anna kidsup . co . uk .
michael is looking for a place where he can take a hedgehog . it got hurt by his dog .
brian will call pete for a minute .
cathreen gave birth in the early morning . aga is probably giving birth this sunday . muriel is flying to notts tomorrow to help aga and matthew with the twins .
harry wants sini and his brother to remove the bath tub from his bathroom and put in a shower between 15th november and 20th january .
the address for jude to pick up a sofa is 36 birchwood fields gl4 oap . he and his brother will be there at 7 .
mark left the house but didn't switch off the lights .
brett enjoys racing games the most . john likes them too , but got bored quickly . andrew felt like that with playing sports games like fifa . they argue why people buy the same game over and over .
jim will see at home what tim is sorry for .
nova , jennifer and vivian had their today's classes cancelled .
george has no internet . for the conference they will use the telephone line instead .
amanda is going to rio next month . jasmine recommends ipanema beach , lapa district for parties and pão de açucar .
carly's mom is impatient and annoys her .
gina and anna will see the last superman , the universe , after 5 on wednesday .
alice's dad is coming for a month . kim and alice will meet on friday after 8 pm as kim can't make it on saturday .
hiram is boarding soon and she will arrive at 10pm .
john wasn't honest with ellen and hurt her . john is very sorry and was afraid to tell ellen the truth . ellen doesn't believe him anymore . john will pick ellen up after her work , so they can talk .
shyann loves the riverdale series . kyle and shayla haven't seen the latest episode .
play spent all night trying to stop the flood from his neighbour's apartment . she left and forgot to shut the water in her bathroom .
ally's advice to a writers block is a 10 minute meditation .
mary hasn't arrived yet . they have 170 more kilometres left . the conditions on the road are quite good . she will call adam from the hotel .
kate will leave john's charger at the reception .
philip went to belarussia for a charity trip and patrick is in alcohol rehab until christmas .
linda is spending her holiday in the mayan riviera in mexico with mark in a luxurious resort . the food and water waste bothers her , but tanya advises linda to enjoy her time there .
the queer group discriminated molly they refused to include her in the panel about sexuality .
antoine's home is completely destroyed after last night . he can watch what happened there on the youtube video .
at the party , leslie got drunk and broke a glass in the front door when she was trying to get out . olen got angry and he's going to talk to her today . kevin's costume was destroyed , he got home half naked and his mum thought he had been raped .
ian is not on the night shift tomorrow .
lillian made gloves for isaiah's birthday . she was afraid they are going to be too big but they fit perfectly .
dominic needs help as he is trapped in the garage .
jo will be in around 6 . 30 as the train is delayed .
matthew finished his project yesterday . ron wants matthew to take care of his as he quits .
ian saw evan walking down sycamore street earlier today , but evan didn't see him . they haven't seen each other since karen's birthday . clark is moving to berlin in a couple of weeks . evan is getting married next month .
megan will meet with emma at 5 pm on monday , 12 november . they'll meet in wiener's for some apple tart . next they'll attend a concert in the concert hall . they'll also listen to a lecture on john cage before the concert .
lauren and graham noticed the magnolias in the courtyard are not blossoming . there was a temperature fell in early may that could have damaged the buds .
nish will buy butter . ellie will call nish if she reminds herself what else she needs .
marta and preston like the gif
alexis , joan and heather were in codrington in the summer of 1999 . the town is empty , because the hurricane irma devastated it in 2017 . all the people had to flee to antigua .
edi was visited in his shop by a stalker . gilda thinks eui should inform the police .
gwen is taking care of her parents' cat at their place this week . she will meet jim on friday for drinks .
blake bought a snowboard from a dude he met on the slope . it was a bargain since the seller broke his leg on it .
glorianne left joel's keys with alain .
jacob is looking for sophia at the cinema hall . she is at the end of the first row .
miles has missed the bus , so he may be 15 minutes late . brett assures miles he should not worry , as other people will be even 30 minutes late .
emily is at work wearing her work clothes . emily will send logan sexy pictures when she gets home .
edward and rita had an argument yesterday . rita is 16 .
isabella left her mobile at jessica's and she will pick it up on her way back from town .
at paul's barbecue , guillaume met his sister , kate , and fell in love . they live together in paris . her french is getting good and she misses marmite . they want to visit stoke at summertime .
alice needs some inspiration for freddie's birthday present . olivia shares some of freddie's interests and confirms to beth that he likes play doh .
sandy won't see pam , because gina had a car accident . gina is fine and so is the car .
denis and sven want to watch the next football match on tuesday . denis suggests his place at 18 and offers to contact the guys .
helga is allergic to cashew nuts , nicky is lactose intolerant and david is vegan .
tom and ken saw kate and monica at the concert yesterday . tom wants to get monica's number but ken doesn't have it .
caroline will stay at the rare , because it's too crowded to get to the front row .
jeff and kim are waiting for milena on platform 3 .
jim has just arrived at dan's house and so he won't buy him smokes .
marina is already packing .
there was a flooding which hit petra . about 4000 tourists were evacuated and 11 people died in flash floods . ella and oscar are fine .
kate brought a pomeranian dog home . it pees everywhere .
aubrey and logan want to watch g . i . joe that has already been released .
lucas studies and works , so he has no time for rest . he will try to meet with giles for a beer at 8 pm on saturday though .
ashley is going to mark's parents soon . he wants her to take a screwdriver set for his father . ashley found it .
anna took mary's eye shadow .
meg asks her girlfriends to recommend a good hairdresser . jane , laura , beth , robin and eva give her some recommendations .
mary's sick at home , so she won't meet noah today .
fausto wants to take emma out tonight at 8 .
ryan lost his gloves at an atm . when he returned for them , they were gone . jeremy suggested that a bank employee may have found them .
sue's dogs were playing and pushed a vase of lilies over . one of them , molly , got lily pollen on her nose . it will be yellow for weeks .
sam came across sally at the bar last night . she's his ex girlfriend . john is surprised that they're going out for a drink tonight .
pete and kate are meeting tonight to talk .
emma is waiting for bella , ivy and brooke . brooke is 2 stops away .
collin's dad had a minor operation performed on his hand , because his left thumb had gone a bit numb . he's now back home and feeling fine .
leo and peyton are glad that they do not look like they did at the age of 16 or 17 .
sam hasn't taken part in the pete's party yesterday as he couldn't leave work early . adam claims that sam hasn't lost anything as the party was boring .
on sam's suggestion , tina will wear a sweater not to get cold .
jan feels low because of a gloomy day . dave tells a joke to cheer jan up . dave is a terrible joke teller .
timmy is on his way to meet lori but he has car problems .
francis and mike are impatiently waiting for the final season of game of thrones and the winds of winter . francis will watch nightflyers over the weekend and tell mike if it is worth seeing .
harvey and anna will meet at 7 pm by her university campus .
jarod and brandi want to go to the gym together . they will probably try some aerobic exercises .
tomek asks ania to go out with him but she declines .
andy is looking forward to seeing sonia .
david has just bought plane tickets and janette will take a look at prices now . she may need extra baggage , so she'll add 20 kg bag .
nigel and graham believe it's a bad day for tough negotiators and it's difficult to get something just because you want it .
cornelia , emily and marion will get pink dresses as bridesmaids .
it's debbie's birthday . viv got debbie a present which debbie enjoyed . debbie is going to bath on the weekend . viv's 50th birthday is in march . viv would like to go to new york then , but is not sure about it .
jim has been to the gym for the first time , but his muscles don't hurt much .
jensen likes the flowers which are for ula's grandma .
john is working until 3 p . m . and then going to his parents . he got a day off for christmas eve and he's working a second shift on boxing day . john and eve will not see each other then .
donna doesn't want to go to clarissa's party . john convinced her .
tom has asked nicole out . their date will take place on saturday evening in the royal palace .
jason will buy strawberry ice cream shake for faith . he will bring it in 20 minutes .
alison , rob and anna are bringing some food on saturday . jill has just found out they are supposed to prepare something . she will make cupcakes , which makes everybody happy .
ian isn't watching the game , because he's in a traffic jam . simon is watching and the bulls are in the lead 67 53 . hank isn't watching , because his wife is watching soap operas . ian wants simon to inform him about the score .
vitoria plugged jackson's laptop to power .
jake and dimitry are discussing the political situation in ukraine . dimitry is not worried about his family that lives in lviv ; however , he is concerned by the negative economic impact of a conflict .
jim's photos are ready at a discounted price of 9 . 95 at gloria's shop .
becky checked in already for both herself and ollie and printed out the boarding passes .
elias and sheridan are highly critical of her pink fridge . pink and grey do not combine well and grey is not fashionable anymore .
stefan wants to know if they meet with jimmy .
leah used emma's phone without her permission .
joanne has attended a very interesting workshop on gender ethics and new ways for feminism .
teresa enjoys her life and wants to be a better person . sarah is happy for her sister teresa .
mark is tonight in ny to see the famous opera , carmen , on the met stage . this is a movie with a french singer roberto alagna and his polish wife , also a signer , alexandra kurzak . tom was invited to nice last week to see turandot .
olivia is very happy about the birthday present she got . she cried when she opened it and assumes it was very expensive . jasmine is happy that olivia liked the present .
adrianne is hoping for a black friday discount for a dress .
joey wants to go to the knicks game with chandler and rose . chandler can't make it as he is cleaning the apartment with monica tonight .
allan will host a breakfast and plans the menu . julie will bring juice , spoons and chairs . julie has hosted breakfasts before . allan has a house now that is big enough for this event .
heather thinks that the internet is a scary place today . some of her friends have received death threats .
nigel reports to bert the participants of the party .
retha was supposed to organize a trip for the student research club , but she got sick and didn't do it . the trip is in 6 days . the task was assigned to paul . the suitable trains are at 7 30 and 9 45 . traveling by bus takes a lot longer . retha has a list of attractions , that paul can use .
damian and ethan are going to buy their mum a birthday present from ethan .
rick reminds tom that the training schedule has changed this week .
pamela has just watched robin hood and she liked it . scott didn't enjoy the movie .
chay and shantelle are muse's fans . they cannot afford the tickets for the upcoming concert next june in bristol .
ingrid's twins made some mess at home . ingrid's mother is coming in one hour .
jerry , tamara and yuri will meet at sheremetyevo at 8 45 pm .
cathie and natalie will talk about their weekend plans tomorrow .
beth and rachael saw dr . oz this week . it's a miracle diet high on fat .
lily will live with mia's mum till the end of january . mia will be around from 17th of october for a few days and she wants to surprise her mum . lily is going to açores on the 19th . lily loves travelling alone but realizes it isn't very safe . lily is going to sleep . mia hopes to meet lily soon .
mark's project is going slow now that john is sick . john is probably coming back next week . the cfo is supposed to be interested in the project .
michael is running late , but he's almost there . cristopher is already there and will save them some seats .
starr is talking to her friends . nicholas is worried about her being out so late .
margaret promised judah she will make more home cooked meals because they are both trying to lose weight . ordered food is either unhealthy or expensive . she doesn't want to buy thermomix because she has enough kitchen appliances .
florence has bought a bag today , in a colour and style she always wanted . now she is watching the tv show with farm animals on the organic farm .
charles won't make it to matilda's play , because he has to stay longer at work .
matthew booked the tickets for mary , jay and himself .
carson is going to drink herbal teas in order to purify his body in spring . carson will tell nicolas how these teas affect his body .
eli can't meet with katelyn and blake because her parents are visiting her tonight .
bartek is planning to go to opener next year . marry would like to go , but can't afford it . cheaper tickets are being sold until december 17th . bartek won't have his paycheck until december 28th . he will try to borrow money from his parents .
hannah will bring her yoga mat . she feels better today .
alison had an accident and is waiting for the police to come . alison is not yet at the causeway . it is raining .
sean and lilly are both in dublin , so they can meet . lilly cannot join them , because she's in galway .
joseph got caught in traffic jam . he'll be 5 minutes late for the class .
karen suffers from depression which disturbed lois and joanne . joanne and lois will meet at reggie's cafe in an hour and they will try to reach out to karen .
juan will be waiting at the bus station at 6 . 00 . mary is arriving 17 15 . she and isabel will meet juan at 18 . 15 .
kevin is doing drama schools during the holiday . he is happy with his results as others did not so well , like james and sam who failed .
lilly saw heather's post about renewing old furniture and wants to do some renovating herself . heather used annie sloan chalk paint , which is easy to apply .
paul , joe and rob are planning to go to a narcos themed escape room on friday .
camilla will be going to the gym in 10 minutes . josh will go to the gym later today . theresa lost her wallet somewhere . camilla will ask at the gym office if it has been found and let theresa know .
timothy invites victor and william for the new year's eve at his uncle's house . the guestlist is yet to be made .
millie is glad she no longer works at the call center . deedee hasn't seen the tom hardy movie yet but she will watch it .
esme is rethinking her 6 months work trip . when esme is back leo and esme are going to plan their wedding .
kids are not at home so homer is going to come home early and have a candle lit dinner with marge .
some polish hospitals will stream surgeries on the internet .
james offers conrad a job as a translator . conrad will call james around 4pm .
sylvia wants to come to a lesson . the schedule is available on the fb group . carina is not very satisfied with her performance at the championships . she made a technical mistake in the last trick .
julia sends patricia pictures from the seminar .
mark , anna , julia and george are planning a trip to italy . the decided to go to sicily , george likes this idea the most since he is a great fan of godfather .
john and mark are going to taco mexico for all you can eat , where one can eat and drink for 4 hours without limits . they are going to meet at 5 pm .
brandon's home burnt , but no one was home when it happened .
julián and andrea're sending some unfavourable pictures of buenos aires to callum in order to lessen his longing for the city .
hugo wants to share a netflix account with cyrus . it can only be used on two devices so that's not enough for cyrus .
kate's leaving the team next month . jerry's not getting a replacement .
richard believes rachel does not want him any more .
zoe keeps listening to the song that jacob played at his birthday . caleb is listening to the same song .
danny sent mia the restaurant menu .
kai left half an hour ago because she didn't feel well .
this saturday katerina goes with brad to the theatre to see 'the tempest' at narodowy . kacper nowicki got a part in a play and both magda and katerina know him . they will invite him to meet after the show .
fabio wasn't invited to wilhelm's party amelie and rose are going to so he'll talk to him to explain the situation .
ana is at berkley in california . she's staying at miracle mile . she wants to study cognitive psychology and needs a professor to support her application . she admires pinker . neither her nor mike are fans or chomsky .
the exercise 3 from page 45 is for homework .
jenny enlists audrey to help organise a hen party in the last week of june for nadia who is getting married in two months . jenny thinks about spending the day in a spa and going to a restaurant afterwards . audrey suggests they buy matching outfits for them as bridesmaids and for the bride .
fred would like to book the hotel . peter recommends booking . com , because it has a free cancellation option .
ivy's birthday is coming up . ken suggests buying her a weekend in a spa , but it's expensive , so they need more people to chip in .
marianne will walk the dog . eva will come before 7 and make pasta or curry .
esmeralda smoked 2 weeks ago .
jim's sister is a graphic designer . ben had a fight with his sister .
edward's code is s0087 .
susan wants to go on vacation to italy with her family . bill gives her details on the cheap apartment . it's possible to take pets . bill describes route he took . bill will send owner's contact to susan .
carter can only meet sophie at the cinema and not the bar because he has to work longer .
philip considers leaving the group chat . sonia suggests phillip to turn the notifications off .
maddie wants to babysit jess's children during the holidays . jess thinks it's a great idea , and offered maddie 60 for 6 hours of work . maddie will babysit ollie tonight at 5 . 30pm .
portia and agatha don't mind ted bringing ally with him .
the extensive media presence of the immigrant caravan travelling to the us might be politically motivated . media are not to be trusted . we live in difficult times .
it is black friday tomorrow . dan will not go to the mall to avoid the shopping frenzy . katie will try the local shops instead of the mall .
isabelle is going to kraków this week . dorothy will drop margaret's point shoes off at isabelle's work at puławska 105 .
elsa and joy like the song tiffany shares with them . there will be a new album released soon too .
alice will send an update for greg's project tomorrow .
patty is sending agatha birthday wishes .
alfred , daphne and james are on the northern group of islands , now on aitutaki . they're enjoying it a lot . they will stop over in san francisco on their way back to europe .
lilly's looking for eric , he's already in the classroom .
theresa is going on a date on saturday . theresa met a guy at the club . all the girls in the club slept with him .
bea wants to go to the gingerbread museum tomorrow at 10 . mark and eli are on their way but won't arrive until late . bea will pick jane up and they will take the bus . bea and jane will wait for mark and eli as usual .
hilary will sign the registry for amanda at the statistics lecture .
hank will bring sherrie's parcel around 1 pm . sherrie has to be out then , but has arranged the pick up with her neighbor .
giles' pe class is at 10 45 .
bethany will arrive at around 12 30 . margaret is late for the train and has to wait 35 minutes for the next one , so she will be there at 12 30 as well . bethany will wait for margaret outside the entrance of the train station .
they are nostalgic about spice girls , who are preparing a reunion tour . jodie and ruth would not go to a spice girls concert though .
garry thinks theo can neither run nor play football .
amy enjoyed her birthday party yesterday . she got 21 gifts for her 21st birthday . the party lasted until 3am .
willow's , cindy's and yolanda's homework is an essay on ethical fashion with deadline on december , 1st .
tom is going out with his girlfriend tonight . simon is staying home and planning to watch daredevil on netflix .
justin and olivia are having a test in two days .
dan keeps his fingers crossed for stan .
jessie sent grace jimmy's photo .
there is a conference in hamburg . thom might go as he has some clients there . natalie will be in prague from jan 21st to feb 7th and won't be home for holidays . kristina needs to check with her boss . dorothy has already registered . kristina recommends novotel alster for 175 eur for 2 nights .
alexander was drunk at the party and feels awful about it . evelyn had fun watching him .
helen's got a new haircut .
toby's neighbour has just won billions in the lottery and he's moving out . toby , charlie , marion and melanie discuss what they would do if they won the lottery .
daniel will come back home after 10 pm . irene will wait for daniel .
victoria suggests having sex with jacob . lewis is in hamburg for work . jacob is also working and going to a concert with thomas in 2 hours . victoria is going to the concert , too .
zach goes to therapy and he feels fine . the meetings start at 1 pm and they take 50 minutes each .
january is almost over .
rachel recommends revolut app to diane and joan .
ron will be late .
theresa walked the dog , so she can go now .
guys told luis they are going to be here 1 hour ago . beata is going to call them and let luis know what is going on .
don saw anna in class today . she wasn't feeling well but he didn't talk to her . anna left during the class .
mary suggests to start packing tonight .
brent and nigel did the harry potter houses test .
charlie shares the idea of bookcrossing in the office with his colleagues . odo , stan and salvador will bring something . rebecca likes the idea .
mary reminds elena and john to take the present . elena has already packed it .
vera just saw justice and jenny in the shopping mall . she will join them .
sue sends birthday wishes to her mum . sue's father bought sue's mum a day at the spa as a present . sue's mum expected she would get it . sue thinks that her dad is easy to manipulate . sue's mum agrees with that .
tim is tired of studying for his exam . he has already had a red bull or coffee to keep him awake . kim doesn't want tim to text her so he doesn't get distracted .
ralph took the dog to the vet .
adam found it in the drawer .
olimpia , rebecca and valentine are not happy with their new schedule . other groups have monday and friday free , but they don't .
anne's shaken up after watching the food documentary .
lukasz ordered a hundred pieces from ola's offer . lukasz will pay partial payment of 20 , so ola can start working .
lina is looking for accomodation for her next holiday . sunny recommends her golden star hotel .
liam , ryan and todd will work out at the gym at 6 pm .
tom and shelly went on a trip without any electronic devices . there was a snowstorm , a window got broken and they had to block it with a wardrobe to keep the snow from falling inside .
albert was at a barbecue at this boss's house last night .
dustin wishes sammy a happy 47th birthday . sammy will go to a restaurant in the mountains .
john's supervisor postponed the meeting again , which made him angry . he wants to change his supervisor , but it's not easy . he will talk to him , maybe he will agree to resign .
tom is visiting his parents for xmas . adam and kate are going to have guests for xmas their parents are coming , as usual . jack is also having his family for xmas .
ray will go to school today .
rachael and paul are watching the meteor shower tonight . rachael doesn't want to complain about having a kid , but paul understands it .
jessica is waiting in the cold for yone and maria to finish eating .
sue will meet jason in 5 minutes .
lee's ecstatic as he won the auction offering a painting and invites courtney and taylor to come and see the painting any day .
aleena will make some french fries for wendy .
marika can come out and meet patricia as she approaches the coffee place .
cait doesn't want to go ice skating with willard because she's ashamed she can't .
ronda does not need any help with the party tomorrow .
jim's math test went okay , but he forgot to finish one exercise .
cooper came up with new ideas for songs during weekend . cooper and stan can't wait to play in their first gig . they have 4 songs so far . cooper's written 2 new songs and wants to realize them in the prog rock syle . stan offered to take cooper to a disperse concert in 2 weeks .
tom and ana need to be in the office at 3 pm . tom stays in room 808 . ana still doesn't have the presentation she was supposed to receive from helena or monika . tom will urge helena . tom and ana will discuss the presentation around dinner time .
janette wants lucy's opinion on the current news . lucy doesn't read the news anymore .
harry is bored . monica gives him ideas for stuff to do .
elliott has been up since 5 and asked lilah how she is doing . he is waiting for the weather to get better at his first destination to be able to fly .
lily and liam watched the last episode of teen wolf and they are discussing it .
hobbs and tracy wish each other a merry holiday season .
jim will take a car and pick alice and david up and they'll go to will's party .
linda published some pictures on facebook , that amanda and rita dislike .
the meeting is at bernie's place at 8 . everyone brings 4 beers . bernie took care of the pizza .
jennifer has a problem with her spine and goes to david , a physiotherapist in carlisle . he helped mick with a knee problem . jennifer recommends terry a visit to this physiotherapist .
kate and ivan are going to see winchester at 7 45 , so they're meeting at the cinema at 7 30 .
he came to owen and fixed the heating temporarily , but it's not working again . he has to replace a part . it's too late for owen to call them . owen will call them tomorrow morning . owen can't fix the heating himself as he doesn't have the tools .
james is in jesus bar and invites others for a drink . peadar will be there soon . anette is busy . helen wishes her good time . peadar didn't get to the bar on time , because the bar had closed and james had left .
anita's not feeling great after last night . tom will meet her to talk after work .
linda's parents are leaving to san francisco . george will visit her at 8 and bring some wine . they'll eat pizza and have sex .
eli , katelyn and blake will go to a party organised by eli's friend . they will meet at eli's place around 6 . 30 pm .
sarah is leaving at or earlier than 8 am .
valerio's skype account would have expired tomorrow , but rui has extended it for the time being . valerio will create a new account soon .
lilly is going to mary and russell's wedding next saturday and will give 200 300 . laura wants to go too but she's broke . lilly can lend laura a dress as they are the same size .
prisoners is airing on channel 4 now . jarman has already seen it and likes it . eldon hasn't seen it .
nick wants to visit alan , but first he makes sure that alan is at home .
emily has a braces check up at the dentist at 4 pm . her dad will pick her up at 3 . 30 from school .
susanna will get an elephant tattoo on her shoulder when she comes back .
max and andrew are looking forward to the new developments this year of smart phones .
grace needs the details about the presidential election of 2016 . she will look for more information when she gets home .
mike will buy butter on ann's request .
serge enjoyed meeting anna last night and he will text her to ask her out . if it works out , he will introduce harry to one of her friends and they can go for a double date .
garay did the laundry .
mary's gay friend , damien recommended that she checks out a gay club named crisco . patty has never been to a gay club . louis likes the idea because she enjoys seeing drag queens and there are no creepy men .
peter and petro met with milena yesterday .
julia will join aurelia and rory in belgium .
kim is sharing the room with other girls and doesn't want to wake them up by typing .
ronnie reckons it's perfectly normal for smart people making money off stupid ones but owen disagrees . ronnie , evan and felix think some of magic stuff might just work thanks to placebo effect so people benefit from it .
jenny wants to do the workouts regularly , but she's afraid of them . andrew calms her and ensures that he and charles will show her how to do the trainings properly . they'll start on monday .
the assignment is submitting the vocabulary excercise via google doc .
jake showed megan and charlotte a funny video .
jane doesn't have time to update ao3 . she's working at home now . jane considers writing an announcement about the status of ao3 .
delfina is disappointed with him as he cancelled the spa trip 2 days beforehand . tera advises she goes alone and enjoys herself .
ryan is 183 tall . fedora is having a coffee with matt from wisconsin . matt studies at university in saskatchewan .
abigail needs jacob's opinion on which haircut she should get . abigail will go for the last one .
molly is very tired and she doesn't want to go out with jeff , ramona and barbara . ramona finds out that canceling a car reservation is more expensive than renting a car . molly decides to rent a car with jeff , ramona and barbara .
viola and ella like the bag dad bought for viola .
mollie is settling in and making friends with her sister luna at sue's house . jenny will come to do her computer stuff at sue's later today , after 4 .
zachary got the package for his mother in law . he ordered it 2 , 5 months ago .
adam failed his driving test for the sixth time . jessie passed her driving test after ten years . adam will find a different teacher and sign up for a new exam .
john got free tickets for a hockey game at 7 pm tomorrow . he will go together with alex .
ashley is new in town and she wants to get some weed . emily gets hers from a guy called richie , and she gives ashley richie's number . he will be back in town after the new year , but ashley can wait .
john , mark and matthias question his competencies .
jane is kate's sister . ashley found out about it yesterday . jane has been working here for almost a year .
natalia sent a file with a terrifying story about a crocodile attack happened in sulawesi to steven , andrew and lily .
eleonore and two other people will take part in the celebration on june 30th . eleonore will let karine know about jane asap .
jason is taking pills to prevent headaches , but has troubles falling asleep . lori can't help him , so he will need to go to the doctor .
shannon hasn't seen the new girl from the accounting department yet . jeannie and tori have ; they find her nice but shy . shannon is going to come and meet her tomorrow . she will also visit tori for a coffee .
cindy will be there in 5 minutes . there are donuts waiting for her . she loves donuts .
brat wanted to go fishing , but leila's parents invited them for dinner on sunday . they can't postpone it as leila's brother is visiting for the weekend .
clair and nora find it sad that joanna kulig wasn't nominated for best actress even though cold war received an oscar nomination in three categories . they both believe she has a chance for an oscar in the future .
max has left his hat at adam's house .
don went to the opera in lvov and saw salomea .
emily is not in good mood today as she's going to the dentist , which she hates . her father is taking her there .
jennifer hasn't made the reservation yet . lisa wants to go as well . jennifer will add her to the reservation .
tom hit lydia . she escaped to a friend and will go to the police tomorrow . she has a paper from the doctor .
fitz taught his dog , max , some unbelievable tricks from the cool website . vernie wants to get a labrador for herself , even though purebreds are expensive . she will book an appoinment at the place where fitz bought hers .
tyler has tickets for saturday's uofl and uk basketball game . he got them from a friend who works it . james will go with tyler by car . tyler will send him a copy of the tickets .
meg and karen are in la . karen saw jessica chastain near her place . karen is in training in her new job , meg will start on monday .
according to steven , adam can buy a stapler at the stationary shop up the street or in tesco .
colton is looking for a plumber but the one who worked on samuel's bathroom did a bad job .
last year anthony did a lot of travelling all around the world . he did kayaking , camping , sailing and cycling .
sammy used to like bon jovi when she was a girl so she went to see them live last year . dorothy , lucelle and sammy want to see them in warsaw . lucelle needs to check it out .
julia is lost . sara will send julia sara's location .
lexi and jodi are meeting tomorrow at 4 pm at jodie's department cafeteria . jodi might join lexi a little late , though .
tracy will book an appointment for her and joanna at a nail bar .
victor needs 50 dollars from his parents to print some stuff for his school work . dad will send the money tomorrow .
sasha has a crush on fabiano and needs to know if he's gay but he's too insecure to ask him directly . ireneusz and brygida advise him not to date a collegue and to change a job , since he doesn't like this one anyway .
lucy is going to bring casserole on a party . the party starts on saturday at 5 pm . there will be sarah's neighbours , colleagues from her work , jane judy and kate with their boyfriends on the party .
nicola didn't turned up at the date with steve , so he was sitting at the restaurant all by himself . to make it up nicola will get tickets for the symphony for next week and cook for him .
adam lies to john about coming to the dinner which isn't served yet to make him wait for them just as they always wait for him .
clem and sundy are on vacation in cuba and they don't have wifi often . they got sunburned . it is sundy's birthday . the girls are in la havane .
eve has a birthday party on saturday . adam will be there .
terry will send luisa's phone number to liam .
oscar and nikolai are inside . it is cold outside .
according to alex , good italian restaurants in new york are beebe's in queens and best pizza in brooklyn .
matt will be late to a meeting , he'll get there in about 10 minutes . hillary will come even later .
tim and buddy will watch the game at tim's place .
anny is going to submit her assignment soon . anny shows chandler how she did question 4 at his request .
peter sends josh racist content . josh is joking .
peter was hired and will start a new job this saturday at 10 am .
stan will go to the bank tonight .
jasmine suggests that conrad should ask his mother what book he should get for grandpa's birthday .
billy and pete are going to hit some clubs tonight .
ethan , liam and margaret are buying fables and toblerone for joe's birthday .
tom was going to pick up claire's parcel but it was not delivered . tom is happy to help kitty and claire picking up their parcels .
joanna bumped into her ex boyfriend trevor . trevor got fat and bold . andy and joanna think she won the breakup .
the dean died yesterday due to heart attack while walking home from the university . frank liked the dean . frank and adam both want to attend the dean's funeral on sunday .
eliza wants to share cookies that she is making . jennifer is baking a carrot cake .
anne and nancy are going to have picnic with their kids this weekend .
sam has no news about the project . greg tried to call germany , but it appeared to be too soon . greg , sam and tara are very bored , and they cannot bring their laptops . greg got an email from carsten informing that they are not ready .
frank is obsessed with julia , he shares her photo with victoria and clark .
monica has been busy and hasn't talked to rachel long . when monica came to rachel's party , rachel didn't even have time to say hi to her and this is bothering monica . rachel apologises for that , but she was busy with many guests . rachel can make it up by taking monica for dinner to lechef's .
jackie is raising money for the victims of the earthquake in nepal . the donations will be collected in lower place riel . brishank is taking charge of this . kristina will pop in .
bran asked his boss for some free days , but he hasn't got any answer yet . joe believes bran's request should be satisfied .
dan needs greg's help with the project , because he doesn't have access to the whole history . greg will be back next monday and will help dan .
clair has written a funny message .
julie asks for christmas movies recommendation . ramsay recommends a few titles , like home alone , the santa clause films , rudolph , etc .
mary is at a police station right now . someone broke into mary's car and stole her laptop . mary will not come to the presentation tomorrow .
dale is looking for a piano tutor for his daughter . casey will ask her sister if she knows someone .
felix and megan's mother is in bad shape . she won't see a doctor . felix doesn't want to lure her to see one .
bradley won't probably see jessica tonight .
barney dropped his mom's favorite orchid and needs to replant it . his mom got the plant from his dad for the 25th anniversary . barney already ordered the pot from amazon , but forgot the bark . judith advised him to try the home depot .
amal is coming to faby's place on saturday at 4 pm for a cosmetics workshop .
peter would prefer meeting with ann tomorrow instead of today . ann will be in sintra for the whole day tomorrow . peter and ann decide to meet on monday .
miley was drinking in the middle of the day . she drunk beer , red wine and a lot of shots . miley feels sick and asks savannah to bring her water .
sue got a new job with a better pay . she wants ronnie to join her at sunrise festival . it costs 380 pln for three days . ronnie wants to join . they can stay at amanda's to save money on hotels , provided she can party with them .
dave will read julies notes on the concept of scapegoat . kitty will explain it further to him on thursday .
tom texted anna and lauren from denise's phone while she was taking a bath .
few years ago there was a woman whose parachute didn't open . she fell on an anthill . doctors said the ants' bites helped her survive , because the pain they caused stimulated the heart .
vitalis recommends dalia , ron and david to visit the republic of užupis in vilnius . it's a kind of an independent state with its own president , constitution and currency , but it's not recognised by other states .
vera will be 5 minutes late to the meeting with anna . anna is waiting for her over a coffee .
tom and john are landing at 1pm , and will be in antwerp around 6pm . paulina will pick tom and john at berehem .
daisy can't eat meat but she can have fish . bob is seeing daisy at 7 .
trace has been eating a lot of junk food as he doesn't have time to cook .
jeremy is at the library . library's website is offline . he will check if they have johnson's book at felicia's request .
arthur tells isabelle to buy bread . she already did .
adam allows john to leave work early today because he has completed his tasks for this week and sent a report to peter and ted from accounting .
eli will see spud at his place in 10 .
bart , matthew and mike think that the place greg suggested is too far . matthew will try to throw a party at his and meggy's place .
kamil didn't like lampredotto .
isla has to choose the course of study . she's torn between english and literature and it . she is not really interested in it though .
joona is in helsinki . it's dark in there . joona is coming back on 6th january . joona will let her friends know when she's back in town .
laura will order the blue one .
amy will join danielle , chloe , katelin and karen in the ice cream shop on 7th now , as they are giving away free ice cream .
nikolas wants celeste to send him a picture of her but she is resistant . he is trying to flirt .
flor will buy thermal underwear for david today , but david needs to check an email first . before coming back home , david will get some cash for flor .
jack's looking for diane . she probably went out to do shopping . marie will direct diane to jack if she sees her .
tom , leo and angela will visit amanda to try rum from grenada tonight .
ivy has good christmas music on spotify . logan might like to try listening to it , too , as he doesn't feel the christmas spirit yet .
anton is 15 minutes late for the meeting with jeremy and anton .
richard found out that monica aborted a pregnancy when she was a student . octavio and andrew believe that it is not a big deal and richard should not worry .
andrea , angelo , lorenzo and jody all lived in berlin for some time . lorenzo speaks fluent german because he went to school there as a kid . angelo speaks a little german ; andrea not at all .
darek's coming to ania . she will pick him up dowstairs .
lisa will give her husband an easy dinner recipe .
alex's parents are not going to be home tonight . leo is coming over in an hour to drink some beer and watch a game .
sam wants to meet with amanda and joe . they will meet tuesday evening . on monday they will discuss more details .
lina needs the name of the movie about a murder with richard gere and edward norton . ginny doesn't know it .
jake wants to know john's laptop password . john doesn't want to give him the password . john has given the password to rob once and it ended badly for him .
anna needs someone who works in the gaming industry and alex may know someone . she needs to change her job and is thinking of the gaming industry as she's always been an avid gamer and loves it .
tracy needs kate to make a two minute video of herself talking about the perfume she uses . she doesn't have to show her face . kate will send tracy the video by night .
nathalie will pick up therese at 2 to go shopping .
jean would like to get a tattoo a sketch of a cat .
wes will meet with jenna in front of school .
wendy advises kate to use earphones to make sure she can have a proper conversation on the phone . kate calls her mom to check if it works .
cindy sends christy and naomi a picture of herself dressed for the party . naomi and christy think cindy looks great . they advise cindy to wear stilettos instead of ballerinas .
ash is replying to spam mail . he was offered a wire transfer of 10 milions , he was negotiating gold shipment and getting information on penis enlargement .
jacob is on his way home , and he has a surprise for miles and greg .
annie is showing dora photos of aga's trip to genoa . lawrence is there for a conference and aga came along with the kids . lawrence has been offered a job as a manager but prefers to stay a coder .
anna has recently got married . she is on her honeymoon in greece . maya and anna will meet once anna is back in town .
joanne likes the dress that melanie is trying on and think she could wear it at rob's wedding .
rose thanks mash for hosting her at his place . mash is going to go skiing with woodies to france and asks rose for an overnight stay for 3 people for a night or two .
andrea loves working from home and feels she's more productive that way . there are more distraction and andrea misses the people , but she wouldn't go back to work in the office as she doesn't have to commute now .
shaz has booked flights and accommodation for her and lennon to travel to amsterdam 17th 20th december . this will be a christmas surprise for lennon . sue will contribute 85 to this instead of buying lennon's tickets to ireland as she said before . shaz will give sue her bank details later .
tim has lost connection to internet . restarting the router doesn't help . he will call the provider .
jenny and miranda will land after 11pm tomorrow . they will rent a car at the airport . laura and lydia will be waiting for them at home .
cristina reminds terry about the antibiotic .
nicole took her dog for a walk . david will join them .
gloria loves her real tree . paul will get his today . before , they used fake trees .
ian's move was difficult . the guy they'd hired via airtasker to help resigned at the last moment . peter was too far to help . in the end , ian used a man from northern rivers tradies' network on the first day , and finished the work with linda alone on the second . it was hard work .
jackie will bring for john her land economics notes to school tomorrow .
monsieur lafayette and his team are coming today , so paul needs someone who speaks french . katie's french is so so , though she got a tefl in her gap year . following her advice , paul will ask pete for help . pete did an a level and spent six months in france .
tom is from australia . paula is from minnesota .
mona's cell is broken , she asks steve to lend her money for a new one .
david will be a bit late around 3 p . m . so wants oliver and michael to order for him .
sam will buy milk , bread and probably a mars bar for erin on his way back from work .
lisa is very happy that patricia is going to have a baby girl . patricia is going to refurnish the room for the baby with furniture from ikea .
stanley is working downstairs . pauline was at the conference today and it disappointed her . there were problems with the catering and the food was expensive . the presentation only 20 minutes . pauline learned a lot either way . she will be home tomorrow morning .
tony won't go with ada to the concert .
david installed tinder . he has a few matches already but hasn't talked to anyone yet .
gisele postponed the family visit to sunday so she can go to the party with josephine and rosemary .
tom has paid the invoice . kim will do it tomorrow . she is waiting for a bank transfer .
yves plans to uninstall his game due to the matches with the toxic players .
david missed his bus and is running late . he'll be on place in 10 15 minutes .
pedro is in colombia . mia has never been to latin america , but she can visit carlos who's staying for 2 more months there .
monica is helping her mom at the farm . kayne and monica are going to the hills in about an hour .
emily will bring her blue handbag for kate tomorrow . kate needs it for monica's wedding on friday .
patrick has booked the field for 6 till 8 pm tomorrow and has 7 people on the list . james will ask dave and matt .
amy brags of her score . han's score isn't good enough .
kate is sending helen an invite to her wedding for march 15th and she is wondering if she should change her name . helen didn't change her last name after she got married as it is a lot of paperwork .
matthew wants to buy hp envy laptop , but johnathan's company doesn't sell it .
paloma refuses to send naughty pictures of herself to jamar .
michael's too tired to join the party . nathan is disappointed , but understands .
phil is mad at nicky because she spent the money on food and a dress worth 600 and she didn't even inform phil .
grandma is recovering after a health incident . it will only be known what the issue is in a few days . her neighbours are taking care of the dogs . ramesh cannot visit melissa tonight . melissa can come over tonight and they can spend part of tomorrow together .
ron and nancy need to leave next week . they have an agreement , but there is small print about unusual circumstance .
emma has a t shirt with einstein's quote life is like riding a bicycle . to keep your balance you must keep moving . mia found a mug with the same quote and a bicycle drawing on it as a gift for emma's birthday .
henry's wife is pregnant . will congratulates him . jacob has a baby that cries all night . jacob is tired and doesn't have any sex life .
radley wants to borrow the notes from tim . radley didn't sleep last night , because he went out for a beer with mark . they left a club at 3 am .
bon jovi are playing in warsaw next july . the tix cost 300 400 . lisa is already saving for that .
mike and ann will eat pizza for dinner tonight .
olivia thinks they should organise a birthday party for poppy turning 100 in march . megan thinks they should invite only the family with them five and their own children . they could open the house and chris will take of beverages and they could cook themselves .
misha is angry but alan will not turn off the music .
veronika is working on a radio material about polish and american christmas . mary will answer a few questions about it . veronika and mary missed today's class . veronika had a lot of interviews today about the second life of smartphones . veronika is exhausted , but enjoyed the experience .
olivier is sad and lonely .
yannick explains to jake and maja that he's been absent because he had a difficult time with jessica and adds that eventually they broke up . yannick needs to focus on studying now .
kate wants to open her own gallery .
ellie had a vaccination . she was crying all the time and the doctor yelled at her . ellie got scared and peed herself . matthew is going to make a complaint about the doctor .
hayden is full after the big thanksgiving party with his family , including his cousin trevor .
anna is stuck in an elevator and tyler is contacting the managers to help her .
hana does not want to meet derek or hear his explanations .
ginny is hungry and mom will make her some sandwiches .
dora can't come to the party . her mother is sick with fever and cough .
jeff doesn't like lonely planet . lola is going to botswana . jeff will look for some less commercial guidebooks .
mr . andrews has given amanda an essay about human rights which is due on monday . mr . andrews advises amanda on how to approach this topic .
franklin and ricardo are meeting on friday at 2 p . m . at dawn st . ricardo will skip two math lessons in order to meet with franklin and will arrive by car . ricardo has 10 blank excuses from his physiotherapist and he will use one to justify his absence from math lessons .
jack is not a fan of formula 1 , but in his opinion ferrari is the best formula 1 car . ryan doesn't quite agree .
harry quit the job because he wanted to earn more . larry is looking for an employee . harry will get in touch with him .
josh didn't receive courtney's card . for his birthday he went to vegas and loved it .
cacily will give fiona a pad .
for christmas , donna got a couple of books , a sweater and perfumes . ellen got some similar things and tickets to rome .
jade will try to bring some weed to the party .
jared haven't seen the new avengers movie nor black panther . jared and alvin will watch black panther today .
sam lost his car keys in the city .
george watched the last season of owl only of fridays and saturdays rooting for london . mark is worried about the second dps spot and he was disappointed over a gaming tournament .
titanic is on on channel 5 .
tim can go with beth to see 'roma' at the cinema . percy has already seen 'roma' on netflix .
roxbury and kim are back . they did shopping during black friday in new york .
arnie and arthur agree to meet at 7 for a game , arthur cancels because of his girlfriend . he'll meet arnie tomorrow .
irina , jayden and ariana have to write at least 10 pages of dialogues each for the art show till monday . ariana wrote 9 out of 10 pages whereas irina wrote nothing .
drew will give luke his history notes from last year tomorrow . luke has to have them to complete a project .
jason , patrick and justine are meeting at 6 pm .
michael is buying a new jacket .
emily has met a guy . justine wants to come over to her to talk about it , but emily has a date in two hours .
evan's ancestors come from iceland . he is going to iceland this summer to visit his grandmother .
amy is frustrated because her laptop is too slow and she can't afford a new one .
heather's sister had an accident .
sylvia's moving to a new house in mid july , but the house is not finished yet . marian is more occupied with his lab and wasn't supervising the works , so sylvia's left alone with everything . helen suggests they go to spa near dartport , she'll arrange it .
barry will think about giving piano lessons to adrian and will get back to lizzy tomorrow .
freya's train is 30 minutes delayed . daisy has already left to pick freya up .
joss is going to see a doctor as he has a rash on his neck .
adeline's boyfriend , matt , doesn't want to move out of his mother's house and keeps finding excuses . adeline doesn't want to wait for him for 1 . 5 year . she will be moving to a different city in march . naomi suggests he should move with her .
paula's husband died in the early 1990s in kuwait . her son died in a car accident at 18 .
scott is drinking margherita right now .
sonia invites john to ralph's birthday party tomorrow . john will attend .
audrey , conrad , marla and matthew are going to play tennis . audrey will be there at 5 , marla at around 5 30 . conrad will leave earlier to pick up his girl .
alex , linda , bart and chris are buying him a present . linda suggested a star wars themed gift , a light saber . when tom will be back from work she is going to ask him where did he get his .
kevin is looking for one more person to greet the visitors from greece , who arrive at 10 pm on saturday . alma is busy at that time . winston is not sure , if will make it . daphne is available and willing to go . kevin sends daphne a private message about the details .
the training of mary was ok , she didn't like it only at the beginning . it was for everyone who works with people .
diane's son , max , found out that there is no santa at the age of 5 . shelly's daughter , taylor , was told at school that there is no santa by some kid . diane suggests not to make a big deal out of it .
rory does not know how to fix it . ed will call the cps because the issue lies within their responsibilities .
chris and joe are going to meet nick , betty , sandra , and phil on friday night . chris was not in touch with joe for some time because he was busy .
brian is preparing a surprise for christine . she will wear comfortable shoes and a dress or a skirt . she will come to his place at 6 pm .
joseph is sorry for what happened to boca fans . carlos notices it is not the first time it happened in argentina .
helen and andrew are already at the station , their train is leaving from platform 3 and tim is hurrying up to make it , he's just around the corner .
paula invites martha and sam to her place tonight . sam will join after work .
gabe advises essie to wear the second dress for her date next week . it will be a first date .
luke will send the buyer the invoice .
susan is writing her master thesis about ku klux klan . she wants lizzie to take a look at the first chapter .
max wants to know if eggs should be put in boiling water , but mistrusts information from google searches . shane's mom prepares his meals . max doesn't live with his mom anymore . shane sends max a link with possible answers to his question .
trina and ronnie are going to eat lunch together at 13 o'clock .
miranda invites augustus for a coffee at 11 this saturday to catch up . they'll meet at a new place that has good reviews .
brock and john are trying to arrange a game but james is injured so there's only 3 of them .
mason will bring a bottle of white wine to grandma s birthday party next sunday at mary's place .
victoria and jim are making plans for their london stay . she's been busy preparing for the conference and would like to relax . they will see the new harry potter film in peckham , where the tickets cost only a fiver . they can also go to charity shops . now victoria needs to get back to work .
jake forgot the keys . noah will be back home at 4 .
diana wants to borrow brave new world from alex . they are going to meet at the park in an hour .
damian has problems with his account on the website of the aspects of neuroscience conference . ava , who is one of its organisers , suggests he try to access it on chrome or firefox , and it works . the website fails to sync on safari . a note about the malfunction will be posted to the website .
jerry and jenny are planning to stay in their house in cape cod for christmas and invite margaret and pat to visit them . margaret and pat together with her children are expected in chatham on december 26th .
cheryl is coming to the party . william and ron are already there . william and ron are drunk .
darren's laptop is broken . he asks ian to bring his laptop for tomorrow .
luke is looking for painters and plumbers to help with his town house renovations . mike shares the details of a painter he used last summer but he is expensive . luke wants to make the storage room downstairs into a bathroom because it'd be convenient for jane's piano students . mike will try to help .
kim and nancy woke up and they're having a breakfast now . they should be ready to leave in 15 minutes .
jolene has created this group to have all their conversations in one place . esther has added mike and will . mike is moving to austria so he will not be able to come to the meetings any more . jolene has also come up with a route for next week .
leah asked danial to come with his brother and he agreed .
kate , victor , mary and steven can't buy the book for the exam anywhere . since a professor wants to earn money on that book , he'll probably not send them a pdf version .
clara lost her copy from new media class . george found it on the group email .
diego came to forlan's room last night and he took the box of tissues .
donald is forming a group of people that would like to go to mauritius reunion this winter . paul will join under the condition that he's not the only single .
george brought the documents .
evie has a new colleague who started work today . evie , daisy and sophia think he's very handsome .
mick failed another math test so arnold will write to his teacher . nicky will talk to other mothers on whats app . mick might need some extra lessons .
olivia , emily , sophia and amelia are meeting on 29th of december for a wine on the main street .
ms vini wishes to apply for a waitress job . mr sarkar reckons her credentials look good and offers her the job . ms vini can start next week 7 till 12 and will be paid 5 per hour plus tips .
emmit will get fries with cheese in return for a delayed pizza delivery . it was delayed because the pizza place had a problem with one of the ingredients . the delivery will arrive in about half an hour .
lizzy and mary are grabbing a coffee .
yoko and nils are going to the concert at gethesmankirche . they are meeting at 18 30 .
mike , mary and cristine are going to see a star is born on saturday at 7 pm .
legend is reading the black streets these days . lara's already read it . legend doesn't want lara to tell him what happens at the end .
dad is in ward 20 . penny will go to him straight from town . sue will be there around 2 . dad has a lot of trouble seeing .
deirdre suggested rachel to download an audiobook from her account but it had been already downloaded on 25th . she had to stay logged in to listen to it though .
andrew is eating a pumpkin cake his wife has baked .
they exchange ideas regarding the school fund raiser for freddie's operation .
melissa asks hans for more of his cookies .
lenny will probably start the renovation in the spring of next year . lenny needs to get a loan of 100 000 for the renovation .
barry is running late . he'll be on place at 20 30 .
ella and sophia will meet at sheila's cafe tomorrow at 9 am .
lucy found a chandler dress on sale that fits her for her wedding .
troy's making tea .
mia advises doug to get an estimate and skip insurance to fix his brand new car that got keyed in walmart .
someone trashed sarah's bathroom . leslie says nancy , david's girlfriend , did it . david will do something about it .
whitney and georgia are late but will arrive shortly .
marisa shifted aliyah's plants to her room to water them regularly .
stefano and isabel are at the back of the building . daria is looking for them .
abby and rose are going to attend a concert which is probably taking place next weekend . the lead singer is abby's former schoolmate .
sergio prepared a speech for ulrich's wedding and he'll talk about him as a great friend over the years . he's afraid of giving the speech .
mike asked ingrid about a free room at her hotel .
donnie was in hungary . audrey would like to move there . donnie goes to warsaw for several days . donnie spent a lot of money this month and his dad was robbed in paris .
lara won a phone in a lucky draw . steve congratulated her .
henry's face reminds julia of a childhood cartoon character .
mike has sent birthday wishes to lisy .
rafael was waiting on monica , as he wanted to go for lunch . monica did not call , because she had a long meeting . driving to rafael's office took monica 15 minutes due to the traffic jam .
garfield , tom and liina will meet on sunday .
skipper got 3 funny viral messages today and deleted them because they can have a virus .
martha met diana collins today . diana has 4 children and her husband is a sailor . she is as nice and friendly as she used to be .
tina and fiona are making fun of fiona's cat . they are joking it is broken and mean to humans .
jamie isn't sure , whether chris used to play tennis . chris started to play tennis at 15 and played for 5 years . jamie was in university at the time .
rob needs to find out the name of the hospital where wolf had been operated on . will claims it's the princess graces hospital and suggests finding them on the internet .
kent just bought a new pair of jordan shoes . felicia wants a picture of them asap .
sara had her hair done for free as it was a part of the saloon's publicity campaign . people got used to sara's hairstyles . sara and diane were disappointed about having their hair shortened . sara's boyfriend is a salesman .
aleks and bojan may go to croatia next year , it's a 5 hour flight from london . aleks's grandparents live there and he is from slovenia .
lilly and eric broke up last weekend . lilly is looking for a new room for herself and her dog cody , but is having trouble finding a place . destiny offers lilly to stay with her and sam for a couple of days .
diane sends a wedding card to lara . lara accepts the invitation .
lisa's on a verge of a nervous breakdown because of domestic violence she's been going through for years . that's why glesny wasn't shocked by her behaviour when mrs owens had shouted at her .
patricia has just found 100 pounds on the street so wants to invite amy and tom for a few beers .
george and joshua are meeting on 21st december . they are going to eat a burger before the event .
will , andy , nancy and ted think that leaving the eu a stupid decision . they don't see any benefits coming out of it and they can't believe people consciously voted for it .
camilla's father isn't answering his phone but alex will pass him the message that she's looking for him .
dennis , phoebe and jennifer are laughing at the video of a girl falling into a windowpane .
the group discusses what they're watching on netflix and tv series they like .
guest list is never closed . gemma knows that because she is a girl .
max is doing the recordings tomorrow . bejamin will send him wave files and guitarpro tabs .
mia will wear black shirt tomorrow . aiden prefers the red one .
emma will be a little late .
oliver advised jim to code a sensor directly in the main system file .
maria and philip passed the security and they are waiting for the boarding . last time she flew maria was stopped by security guards .
patricia and david are going to watch johnny english new movie . they are having mexican takeaway at david's before the session .
niles and rosa will eat pizza today in their favourite pizza place . they will meet at the station .
freddie needs exact directions to get to mark's house .
jackie will stay with her new boyfriend ethan in seattle for about a week .
lottie got home earlier and she will make spaghetti and salad for dinner . her mom will come as well . elliot will buy a bottle of wine .
will has just eaten and tiffany hopes he won't react to the mushrooms like he did last time .
jenny got box with the pans .
joe and kyle haven't seen suspiria yet . kyle likes some of the director's previous movies . joe thinks the music from the movie is great . joe and kyle decide to go and see the movie on saturday .
there is a meeting on planning in 15 minutes .
aaron quit his job in the city and came back home for good . he saw abbey at the bus station . she now has a baby . they will meet for a coffee a chat tomorrow at noon .
michael almost broke up with dave . kevin hopes they will fix their relationship .
sara , ceri , marsha , mary , clare and elizabeth wanna try hang fire .
lexi shares a photo of the street which she wanted to show john and lacey , but it was closed due to painting .
otto bought tickets to moscow city ballet . he's taking rachel . recently dustin took michelle to the opera . he didn't like it . tonight otto and dustin will watch a soccer game .
kit and gabe were first to reply to bret so they are getting a free copy of a game on steam from him . dan is dissapointed he was late .
laurent , simon and jean will go directly to nice .
holden is slowly getting better from sickness .
alice and sam recommend french tv channels to nora .
isaac sends isabelle some funny stuff .
theresa didn't have a meeting with atkinson as he called off . tom will see theresa soon as she has only 3 hours left .
judy arrived . olivier and judith are coming .
chelsea will come to joe's graduation 14th december this year . joe moved to miami and chelsea wants to visit him on saturday .
both emily and kate will wear peach dresses for the party .
greg and meg give gina their up to date e mail addresses at her request .
lisa prepared a meal and she waits for paul . paul is on his way . paul will tell lisa about his new intern . lisa is very excited about the intern . lisa saw his photo on facebook and she found him attractive .
frank and eva are going to watch skyfall on sunday .
according to charles , long distance relationships don't work because women cheat .
beatrix is behind the wooden thing . charlotte wants her to come here .
sinclair's phone was broken . alex and sinclair will meet at the local bar at 5 pm .
mom will not make dinner . della is going to order pizza instead because she is busy trying a new kind of make up . della wants to be a make up artist . she is not going to pay for the pizza because she does not have her own money .
it's not a messenger like dialogue .
ava and her family don't know where to spend vacation . liam has been to mexico , egypt and paris . ava is surprised by this information .
tom will come over to leandra's place , as he lost his keys and it's cold outside .
mick will bring his car to steve's today . steve will order some parts and he will repaired it .
zak forgot his keys and will be home in 15 minutes .
sarah and miles are going to a restaurant to celebrate sarah's new acting job .
benjamin and ashley's bookclub will be called b a bookclub . they have arranged the first meeting at benjamin's place . they will make a facebook page to get new members .
the results will be announced on monday morning .
fabrizio checked their order with the guy at the it store . it is ok .
melissa shows brian what she bought and he finds it awesome . they both hope it'll stay shiny and beautiful for a long time .
darcy and claire find fashion changing trends fascinating .
ewa finds working as a cleaner tiring . jocelyn will try to get her a job at a cinema . ewa's english is not very good .
melody is angry at the machine that took her dollar .
margaret is going shopping with brittany tomorrow as she needs new shoes . lily can't go due to some house work .
charles took a knife that linda needs to the garage . charles will bring it with him when he gets home from work .
barbara and tom are leaving and they're coming back on sunday about 1 pm . jim has the key to their house and he's responsible for watering the plants there .
sam and greg decide to postpone their games until tomorrow as it is taking too long to log in .
william has a job offer for benjamin , but benjamin found a job that is closer to his place .
suzanne and lola discuss going to two parties tomorrow , one at eddie's place and the other at rita's . the discussion is inconclusive .
michelle has a stain on her bum . harriett will tell her about it .
ann has already paid the entrance fee . zach and joe decided they don't want to go there . ann will talk to the man at the door . joe and zach will wait for her .
felicia will pass by around 4 pm to pick up riverdale , swat and venom .
the radiators and timings don't work properly . ned is supposed to take care of this .
erin doesn't have any plans for new year's . dora and erin will go there .
betty can't meet wilma this weekend . her parents in law are visiting . they will meet on the next saturday .
daffy bought flowers at the sunday market .
kim and bill woke up at 8 to go to the beach .
peter wants to find out how much are the rock festival tickets . they are 15 dollars for regular , 50 dollars for a group of 5 , 30 dollars for the vip ticket . tickets are available online or over the phone .
andrew and jeff inform maria that they'll be there in an hour . jeff'll buy a bottle of white wine as maria wishes .
tommy is looking for a restaurant in marriott . colin helps him out by sharing its location .
according to the forecast , the weather is going to be warm and sunny .
annette and tim could stay in florence longer than planned . they can stay at andrea's because his room mate is away . they are meeting andrea at santa croce square at 6 pm . they will visit the monastery and attend a concert together .
melany asks duke to solve her issues with his friend .
lucas's wallet is in the office .
steve will get rid of his stuff as their storage is full . brad will check if they get more space .
jacob and james are on the road , just after parnu . it's snowing a lot . they will arrive after 8 . tory and brenda prepared a dinner , they cooked all day . nobody came , there are alone .
samantha would like to leave everything and disappear . richard can't open patrick's link .
eli asked her landlord to repair a leaking pipe . he refused to do that . eli's moving out to a new flat . scarlett will help her with unpacking .
sarah will get emily a phone charger before she leaves for university .
it's 1 am and chelsea is about to go to sleep . she has work tomorrow . gavin feels stressed lately and is having panic attacks . he doesn't know the reason for them . he is thinking about his grandmother a lot . chelsea recommends that he should talk about it , but not over messenger .
by amanda's recommendation , cynthia will have the passport photos of the kids taken in the photo shop in keynsham . cynthia will drop by at amanda's on sunday at 11 to countersign pp photos .
jane missed the bus , so she had wait for the next one . jane didn't get home until 10 o'clock . jane thinks katy's always late .
dean has seen a concert in poland and wants to attend the next one as well . graham and anne will go with him .
karen bought a new ikea sofa and invites lisa to check it out .
samantha will start to make the cake soon , to be ready for wednesday .
betty is opening her own business and is looking for someone who will design the graphics . betty will get familiar with corin's work within a day or two . if she likes it they will meet .
leah and mike are going on a trip . they'll send ken pictures .
sandra sends a picture of a dirty dog . pam's dog always splashes about all the mud .
tom is in grenada while mary and poppy are at the office .
they give mary a lot of advice on how to save up money . for instance , she can do her shopping in cheaper supermarkets , buy non brand products and avoid throwing food away or switch to drinking tap water .
dave is glad that they are doing better today and wants to know the exact time tomorrow . liam will call him in 2 hours , as he has to talk to chad first .
penelope created a new group chat with james and adam because the old one got deleted .
sara's angry because alan told his mother that sara is pregnant .
george has just ended his exams . he passed the first 3 , but doesn't have the results on the last one yet . george is going home tomorrow , but will see his girlfriend first , who lives far away . emily is meeting joe next saturday . emily will ask joe if he wants to meet with george as well .
collins played fifa 19 for the first time , ben did it one month ago already .
luke , andrew and lily enjoyed a prank . lily hopes he won't take revenge on them .
pete is moving . he plans to organise a farewell party .
jill doesn't remember coming across james' profile on tinder . she gives sophie advice on how to check , if james is using the app .
dee isn't sure about the cake but caron wants him to take it because everyone will want a slice .
sarah wants to borrow luke's notes for the weekend , but he's already given them to tancredi .
sophia will help ian write the abstract .
anne and william are surprised the judges form the voice didn't turn for a girl from wales .
bryan always looses in this game . stacy doesn't want to share her game tricks with him .
eve recommneds maya and sonia her probiotics . they need to be taken for 3 months . eve will be ordering them tomorrow .
imagine dragons will be playing at abc theatre on july 12th . sally and tim will attend the concert .
cole and zane are going out to a club to celebrate zane's 29th birthday tonight .
beth is reading a novel by ellen dunne . beth loves her descriptions of finland . sonia is on a school trip to new york , ffion misses her . beth will pick sonia up tomorrow about 10 .
may will scan the notes she took yesterday on john and lily's request .
mom wants derek to clean his room now and in the end he agrees to do it today .
anna and monika are going to watch the new spiderman on wednesday at the cinema by the central station .
dj orkia will attend the event southside college at 8pm to play music .
tom will meet with jeff and other friends at a skatepark at 4 . kevin will show a new trick .
uma has two phones , and she lost one of them .
doug got a bad mark for his exam , he will meet phil tomorrow for a beer to forget about it .
ally is unwell but will be back the day after tomorrow .
rose will ask his friend if he can fix helen's laptop .
james had problems with washing machine . sue instructed him to turn on the switch in the fuse box , but it didn't solve the problem so she called the electritian .
nick is angry with george as george picked up tatiana last night .
theo feels zeev should try modelling . zeev will think about it .
monica wants to visit her mum in an hour . she won't be having anything as she has just eaten lunch .
doris is hiking in france and ejoying the freedoms of travelling in europe , whereas tress is home in za .
the bus driver injured many people by pushing other cars .
hanna will let felix in after he promises to quit smoking .
marthin is studying for his exams this weekend . rasim , ertan and marthin will go to lisbon the first weekend of october . burak will go there in february so will think about going again with the guys .
matthieu has found a job he likes and is now on holiday .
sara will bring geoff a report on emerging trends and a coffee .
susan is going to meet martin to the right of the bar .
holden had his blood tested , and he is worried about the creatinine result . joyce , who is in medical school , informs him that the result lower than normal should not be worrying but an appointment with a doctor might calm him down .
vanessa and timothy are dating . esmeralda doesn't think they are a good match .
kathleen will explain moby dick to cindy tomorrow . they have the test on wednesday .
fiona has a dentist appointment today . she will go to mcdonalds with dolores at 7 pm tomorrow .
lia is enjoying her time in thailand and won't travel to laos as she needs to rest finally .
viktoria and ella will meet up for a coffee tomorrow afternoon at 5 . 30 at fridhemsplan .
leo will go to lionel with his football later .
the wedding party is in luttrellstown castle .
bruno will lend oscar his car in exchange for oscar's silence about los angeles .
peter doesn't believe in the afterlife but he's happy to be convinced . linda and peter agree on a code so whoever goes first can contact the other one .
riley is feeling sick .
rick and tishia found a house they love but it is too expensive for them .
craig has quit his job . he is 48 and he's worked for the company for nearly 20 years .
lucy gave jerry a cook book with vegan recipes . there are a lot of asian recipes . jerry wants to prepare tom yum . paul recommends shops with asian food in chinatown and soho . paul , jerry and susan are going food shopping on saturday .
tom is going to propose to veronica at a lake house this weekend . tom is not sure about it but greg and jacob think she's gonna love it .
monica and josh are going to marrakesh , morocco for few days . they will stay 2 days with their friends and 4 days alone . they will stay at their friend's .
becky will make a chocolate tart with advocaat and blueberries .
matt is still awake and learning for the exam . sophie is learning as well . matt will send sophie a scan of his notes from the lesson from 7 . 12 .
there is a sale at sephora and jessica will use this occasion .
kylian wants griezman to stick around for lunch next time .
rapper 6ix9ine has been arrested . raymond doubts he will be serving time in jail for the multiple charges .
fred sent irma photos of his cat . fred has started writing his final assessment . he recommends irma have a look at the reading materials .
elena was watching frontier today . elena , tom and gary are surprised by the fact there is a quote from beyonce instead of some politician or philosopher as usual .
chandler is doing the shopping , he will buy some good washing up liquid . he will be home soon .
mia left early and made it home safely .
deacon's neighbour's hellion child just scratched the side of their car with a screwdriver . tessa will join deacon watching a movie or something later , she'll be there around 7 and bring the pizza .
andy's at the library and peter's at home .
jimmy is at the concert . serena will call miko to meet him later .
julia's meeting has not had the required outcome and has left her with more work to do . mike still hasn't called .
mom ate half of the cake for breakfast today . the cake was made of nuts , honey , beans , almonds and beans . maria sent alice the recipe .
isabelle and lucas were on karaoke last night . isabelle was surprised that lucas has such a great voice . lucas thinks that the best part was when isabelle and lisa were singing dancing queen .
marie will ask ash vercammen if donald and her have to fill in page 4 . they have to hand it in tomorrow by 3 pm .
jenny wanted to check something .
jack has to go to manchester tonight as he has an important conference there . jack's boss told him two hours ago . meg reckons jack should quit the job . jack can't do it as they have to pay the debts .
veronica , tom and caroline will play the following songs hit the road jack , i will survive , sugar , i can't feel my face and i'm so excited . tom is not satisfied that he has to play i can't feel my face .
max hates shoping for clothes . he prefers buying books and electronics online .
gwen hasn't seen vicky this year . sybille talked to her and she's expecting girl twins . sybille suspects they're building a house or something ; they're rich . it's a nightmare of sybille to be chucked out .
roxi invited pixie and dixie to visit her and her daugther , sue .
lenny made beef stew with sweet potato for his girlfriend mel . lenny will let susan know how it tastes .
matt wants to meet with his friends for a beer tonight . maddie doesn't want to go out , because it's cold . she suggests that matt can invite them over .
trevor thinks shayla's mom hates him . jana thinks she's arrogant towards everybody . jana and carl advise trevor to ask shayla out on a date .
stella will visit andy around 7 pm . she will bring a bottle of red wine with her .
mathias and tina are just married . they are living in paris .
shaun and wes are going to a football game on saturday . shaun hasn't been to a game in a long time , because he has to take care of the kids . shaun will come to wes' place and they will walk to the game together .
amanda will pick angela up at 7 . 30 tonight . they are going to the church meeting .
paloma has sent ines her whatsapp number . ines will confirm the dates soon and get back to paloma .
deborah is going to the main library .
marcin sent a photo of paulina .
sammy likes the music that anna showed him .
marisa is dating rob . she is upset because rob is ignoring her messages . rob is a good kisser .
walt is celebrating the new year at home with some people , while alex is at nathan philip's square .
ian is on his way back , but had to stop for fuel . alice left her house keys in the car .
diana and raphaella are organizing a potluck for the department . diana bought decorations at the dollar store and she will consult on the games with hr . raphaella made a list of who can bring what food .
pattie is applying for the job as a mathematics teacher . she also wants to know how much she can get paid , but such matters are discussed at a later stage .
josephine , darcy and stacy are meeting on saturday .
dennis bought a return ticket to barcelona with 20 discount from wizzair . peter feels resentful because wizzair charged him once for an oversized hand luggage a bag he has always travelled with . tyler found a 90 euro bargain to tel aviv .
dylan is in the elevator . graham will be there in 2 minutes .
crew sent akira a link to clash royale , which he plays . it's free on app store .
robert and rob want to leave the classroom , but alex convinces them to stay . robert , rob and alex want to find out what they should learn before the exam , and they wonder if the teacher will curve up the marks . according to sierra , the girl talking in the classroom is a teacher's daughter .
katie's kids are taking entrance exams in 5 days and are behaving badly , because of the stress . it's in turn irritating katie . katie's husband is rarely home . ellen comforts katie .
mark wants petra to call him . she will do so in a few minutes , first she needs to finish something .
emily went to a doctor and will have some test done .
tom wants to buy new strings for his electric guitar . luke recommends d'addario strings with thickness 10 for beginners . he also urges tom to clean the fretboard before putting on the new strings .
pamela will walk the dog in 15 minutes .
rogers is going to watch a trailer of the new avengers movie steve tells him about .
james , clyde and joseph are planning a trip to baltimore this weekend .
frankie and salvatore will meet up in 10 minutes .
franco sent dalia a link to a movie . dalia doesn't want to watch a horror movie .
tina's watching a breakfast show about a dog with a broken spine .
betty's going shopping to decathlon today . she will buy one t shirt and a hat for paula .
the party is boring and arnold is sleepy . sophie could do the poll dance , but it would be better if arnold did that . he knows women would not resist him but he jokes to take home only sophie , which makes her angry .
jenny and alice are tired . the weekend is close .
kin and george insult each other .
mary advised magda to get do it yourself t shirts for jo's birthday .
filip is running late today , whereas the professor is already here .
lindsay and finlay enjoyed elliot's birthday party . amelia is grateful they came .
mike should come downstairs . janet has some popcorn .
paulina has been dieting for three weeks with no results . brenda advises her to exercise more .
liam advises leah to consult her older brother on a game she doesn't know how to play .
before fiona goes on holiday to mexico , she will correct annie's text .
jonathan and lisa are going to buy mum a pot for christmas . lisa is going to order it . lisa and john know nothing about gardening , which is mum's only interest .
jacob , eric and shirley are departing at 8am .
jeff and grace were supposed to meet tomorrow , but grace is not available . grace mentioned this to jeff last week , but he forgot . grace and jeff will meet on tuesday next week .
delphine didn't manage to talk to zoe after the concert . they will have lunch together after zoe returns from her 2 week trip to paris .
leah helped mark during exams . mark got more marks than leah . leah hasn't finished preparing to the next exam .
reggie is coming home this weekend , because it's his dad's 60th birthday on sunday . his father is working at a factory , and his mother is a teacher . she used to teach reggie and rob about 25 years ago . rob and reggie will go and watch football in the pub on saturday .
cynthia is not satisfied with her job interview today .
jack is late to meet his daughter maya from school . jack will be in 20 minutes . maya will be waiting .
dede can't talk .
zoey needs jackson's notes .
in russian , you have to use the longer form of an adjective before a noun and the shorter form after a noun . jewgienij has talked about this recently , it's easy .
son has a doctor appointment tomorrow at 5 pm .
alan has to go to the office of his hod at 23 00 and sign the form of his summer application . he and sir josh will also discuss some points in the form . alan cannot apply for this course this semester and this was his decision .
jane works on a sofa . mary wants jane to help her with redecorating her living room .
eugene is sent from work to go on paid vacation .
miki reserved a room with a children's cot for beata , but the cot's too small for igor and they need an extra bed .
jake asks jackie how she feels . jackie was ill , but now it's better . jake and jackie will meet on friday at the party .
jackson is at the arrivals . kate will join jackson .
derek was dumped by his girlfriend jill one month ago and now he has a new pretty girlfriend .
filip will find a guy that can supply enigma2 satellite box for liam .
the new law says that drug dealers will face their charges abroad . jack and chilwell are happy with the new law .
mike has paid the bill but the power has been cut off . he suggests kate sends them the payment confirmation .
gemma and timmy are planning who to invite to a barbecue party .
clare send julie a photo of wineglass bay in tazmania . lynne wished clare happy birthday .
karolina and eva haven't seen each other long . they were supposed to have a coffee , but karolina stood eva up . karolina is not working anymore and she's looking for another job .
kris , jenna and matt are going to play curling tonight .
cori and jean marie have been waiting for john for 2 days . john's still in kokologo , 50km from ouagadougou . the road is bad . there is bagdad café there .
mom accused leo of eating the whole chocolate bar .
lydia and sarah will meet at 3 30 tomorrow . lydia finishes at 2 and has lunch at home with her mum , and sarah finishes at 3 .
anna , sue and jo will take the kids to the christmas market on saturday .
jadon asks robert about the flat at junior st . that he has to rent . the nearest bus stop is 5 minutes away from the flat , the price of heating is not included in the rent , the area is peaceful . jadon will come to see the flat at 1 pm .
amber wants to meet with prof . jordon as he's looking for students to work under his supervision . smith wants to meet prof . jordon to talk about his research paper . amber and smith will meet him together .
thomas is stressed out about their exam on friday . sarah is positive as they studied a lot .
it's going to rain so linda must make sure the children wear their jackets .
nat and vero want to test the zapptax app .
rita was asked to collect dr . skinner's text book , but david will bring it tomorrow .
bruno will be in hyde park , next to the lake , until dark or too cold and invites jonathan to join him . jonathan will buy his groceries and also some salty snacks and soda for bruno before meeting him there in an hour .
olaf sends an embarrassing picture of patrick even though he promised to delete it . patrick sends him an embarrassing video in return . they're even .
madison is in the department store looking for a dress nancy wore . she loved it but she can't find it so nancy is going to send her a photo with it .
lea's computer is not working . she can't work , as she reports to lucy and tommy .
leopold hates the coffee that annie bought at whole foods . she likes it . leopold will have to buy something else .
at the party last night bing left earlier than tom . after bing left , darryl got drunk and fought with alex , but andy kicked them out .
liam's bored as he's been home for five weeks . amie's also bored because she has to work all the time and she'd like to have more time for herself . she can't travel a lot for financial reasons and because robert's not a great fan of travelling . liam's going to translate a vietnamese letter for her .
nate loves the place of jackie's old folks . he will choose it if jackie can arrange better service .
adison will e mail the nezt week's project details to edgar . they need to choose two main subjects from the list to focus on .
frank doesn't know what to buy marie for her 18th birthday . barbara will go to the mall with him and help him choose the present . they are going on a birthday party together .
bryan will meet ben by the pool in 15 minutes .
ann would like to meet with brandon another day as she has a headache .
natalie is preparing the party . jeremy wants to drink whiskey . peter can drink beer or wine . anne will bring some vodka . marzena will bring some cherry liqueur made by her grandmother from lublin .
molly suspected alison is pregnant but chris thought she's just put on weight .
charles will come over to emmy on friday .
fiona , paula and peter will meet at 4 30 at the parking lot opposite the school . they'll go on a walk and look at the sunset . next , they'll go to mangold's for a meal .
lucy , jennie and mary are going to aldona's flat warming party next saturday . they will buy a bigger gift together after lucy asks aldona what she needs .
rose thinks having kids makes it harder to enjoy life .
jimmy's car is broken . carrie offers to lend him her car . jimmy will let carrie know later .
edmund reminds erika about the meeting today at 5 . she will attend .
adam and mike are planning to watch an interview on channel one . they are curious about the cars stolen by the prosecutor's son .
anita and annabel have a hard time looking for christmas gifts for their parents . they exchange some ideas . anita will buy her father a camera .
kian left her card at home so needs some cash . rory can't help but robert has some extra cash .
max reminds maria to be there tonight .
jason is waiting for laura . she is bringing food for them . she will arrive around 4 .
david doe is interested in the job offer posted on xxx but it's not available any more . john smith encourages david doe to apply in the future .
phil died of cancer . a lot of people send condolences .
kevin asks bruce not to laugh .
jerry , mike and justin will play the game at justin's place tonight .
sophia's laptop stopped working .
doug's car got keyed in walmart . he will try to have it fixed before calling the insurance company .
regina and christine are going to romania . christine has a family in romania and has been there several times , so she is organizing the the trip . grace can't come as she didn't get a leave at work . regina will send grace a postcard and bring her something to eat from romania .
josh kept his wedding plans in secret and ruby is disappointed . she sees no future for the marriage and believes it's arranged only for the good of the child . josh loves the woman and praises the relationship she has with his son .
maria needs steven's help with crossing the road .
taylor and owen saw megan drunk and depressed last night . they suspect megan's recent behavior is because his girlfriend left him for unknown reason .
tomas is leaving tomorrow . he's packed all his things already . he's meeting timmy , sam and jeffrey for a goodbye drink tonight at 21 at his place .
amanda's coming from boston tomorrow . she and jane will go to moma and have donuts . lori can't join them , because she's in vancouver .
ula and teresa have seen the new lion king trailer , while monika hasn't seen it yet . it's the same movie as the original , only with updated graphics .
victor will get the parcel from the post office on cindy's request .
she fainted today and was taken to hospital because of a serious condition . kourtney is worried about her . gloria , kim and kourtney start at 9 45 tomorrow . gloria might have trouble getting up in the morning so they will call her .
ralph is looking for a place to buy a beer .
kathy and aleksandra are going to meet , probably next month .
marla is nervous about her performance on the runway as her shoes are too small . kayla offers her another pair . they are meeting up tonight to try them on .
joey and melissa have just finished the first part of the presentation . the whole presentation should be ready by friday . melissa and joey intend to keep this deadline .
sarah paid an electricity bill of 20 pounds two days ago . there is a new bill for 37 pounds mandy will pay . she want josh to pay her back .
nathan and brandon cancelled their plans because of a thunderstorm .
nicole had a great first day at work .
university students involved in liberal swj promote political content . connell is annoyed with kenzie's political , boring posts .
mark is probably going to attend caroline's party tomorrow . he can come with his girlfriend .
lee will try not to forget her passport .
veronica and cara are going shopping on black friday sales . alice is still at work .
while hadley finds robin a somewhat boring lawyer , taylor finds his behaviour annoying and fake . hadley claims that robin has the right to speak in the manner he does .
it's chris's birthday . he's on a holiday . kamila is with him .
kimberley will join hariet , greg , tony , ana , kate , caroline , ben and probably andrew at the pub tonight .
noel hates cyclists because they blocked the road in the city centre . noel's meeting with a client had to be canceled , because both of them are stuck in traffic . therefore , noel is meeting oliver tonight .
tom and marry talk only about food in public .
peter won't come to england this year . he has been busy working and moving . josh wants to visit him in portugal . peter wants to have a game room and recommends spiderman 4 to josh .
virginia is quitting her zumba class because she doesn't feel comfortable exercising in a group . she will met jessica for coffee after they discuss it over the phone .
the panel proposal was accepted . they have hungary and czechoslovakia covered but still need someone focusing on poland . if they don't find anyone , they will try with romania or yugoslavia .
olivia has to call her on boss's request to tell her that she will not be paid although she deserves it . the boss would not call her by himself as she is rude and she made a mistake .
billy and mel do not need anything from the supermarket .
annie will go to carrefour to buy some food and toilet paper .
ezra is driven crazy by a software but grateful for ezra's help .
damian will come with his tools to fix tracy's broken kitchen faucet .
paul believes that maryann cheated him .
alex offers to bring the free face cream samples that maya and jonna ordered to the next fitness class .
nadia's been waiting for bart and fred .
amanda got a call from the musicians who agreed to play at the wedding .
pauline told camille that justin bieber and hailey baldwin , daughter of alec baldwin and kim basinger , got engaged .
jorge hastens dusan , because the show is just to begin .
dana's dad is fixing the grill .
serena and julie had a great time last night . in serena's opinion , julie looked beautiful .
patty is not going to school beacuse she feels ill . vicky will come by after school with some herbs form her sister .
ellen hates one of her workmates even though everyone else likes her . christina finds it funny .
henry will help hazel with wallpapering on saturday . hazel will treat him to dinner and homemade cookies .
mark's car has been taken care of at the service station , so he can collect it now .
george wants to buy a car and needs sophia's advice as she works in a showroom . sophia works in accounts department and has no idea about car specifications . sophia's little one has got rashes so she's taking him for the checkup .
terrence has a sports car and invites leo for a drive .
sue is exhausted but needs to rest before the event .
olga is almost finished with the data analysis and should be ready for the deadline . jim will take her out for dinner at 7 pm on friday .
cleo wants to go out for a coffee . rod has to finish up some household chores . cleo just has to clean her room but also she pays some bills . rod wants to move out but needs a better paying job . cleo claims he'll earn enough at her place . rod is seeing cleo at tim horton's at 3 to discuss it .
nicole has been to the carribean a few times . with her parents she was in grenada and barbados and with steven in the dominican republic . some of the carribean countries are among the most dangerous in the world . brandon wanted to fly to st . kitts . nicole recommends montserrat instead .
harper wants to go to disneyland but ashlee can't afford it despite working a lot .
royden is asking ed for tips before he visits poland and they meet in person on friday . ed finds a 10 tip suitable for taxi drivers in poland .
bill forgot his key but samantha will let him in .
lia was at a family gathering in london . lucas wants to know her better .
sharon will pick dave up at 6 from the station carpark . sharon hates waiting so dave has to be on time . dave is bringing an important report for sharon .
jenny and sophia are flying to stockholm with british airways . tom is very surprised that jenny and sophia didn't choose ryanair .
victor informs anne that dad fell unconscious in the bathroom and is in the surgery now . anne rushes for the hospital and settles victor down .
david wants to buy james a book for christmas . rebecca thinks he will like the maze runner more than the divergent series .
zac , zoe and cheryl agreed it is a good idea to delete the group .
william and trina are going to see the illumination on saturday . madison will join them with a partner and so will josh and hannah . they will meet at 5 .
max is 10 minutes late , he missed the train . karin is at the hall on the yellow sofa . they will do an interview .
coen believes real madrid will win the laliga but blair is skeptical since ronaldo is no longer with this team . they think fc barcelona also has chance to win since they have good players too .
payton recommends hyperion by dan simmons to max . he will borrow it to max .
sarah must cancel michael's reservation . the restaurant will be closed for a technical problem .
laurie made progress in his kanji app .
ann has to prepare an official presentation for the big meeting , which is in two weeks .
ivy and noah are not feeling good due to the weather . noah is going to a techno club on new year's eve and doubts if it'll be fun . ivy invites both of them to his place .
luke proposed to share a netflix account to lower the cost .
the team needs a central defender to reinforce the defense line . you can play diablo iii on the switch . jacob and jed will play fifa on ps4 tomorrow .
leo is sick and needs to know doctor olsen's working hours today . uri advises to be there at 3 pm . leo decides to check with the clinic .
jim watched the election but it was a waste of time . his guy won but he knows he will do nothing .
yesterday linda started working out again after a 7 month break . she lost weight .
bob's boss scolded him for no good reason . he did not accept bob's explanations .
olga is sick of the food in the humanities building . rosemary advises her to try medical sciences . troy will go there for lunch with olga . they'll meet at 12 00 at the entrance to their building .
elizabeth and aiden would prefer the newly opened burger restaurant to be a vegan place . they'll go to try it tomorrow , aiden will pick elizabeth up at 9 .
alice wants to borrow hannah's math book , because she has lost hers and she needs to study for tomorrow's quiz . hannah will lend it , if alice stops calling her honey .
spice girls announced a reunion tour without victoria beckham . terry and ruth loved spice girls in the past .
derek , carl and walter are going to play lol tonight at 9 30 . carl wants to play as a support . derek wants to play an adc character . walter used to play mage characters , but he wants to try something different this time .
rodolfo took a difficult exam today , he'll get results in 3 weeks . marcel had a different exam and he expects a good grade . marcel saw a car slightly hit another car , but no trouble came from it .
bob , daryl and greg are going to the national art museum together .
amy is sharing pictures and videos from her enjoyable trip . she will meet kerry and andrew at the crossed arms on sunday at 1pm .
jack , sarah's boyfriend , told her that he went to high school with sophie . sophie recognized jack from a photo sent by sarah .
john suspects steve stole his pen , but he didn't .
leonardo will meet maya today at hotel brown .
beth is at home . logan is surprised that beth left without saying goodbye . beth and logan are probably meeting again on wednesday .
tetty watched the game last night . neither washington nor shelley watched it .
fred is not hungry .
cecil had an accident yesterday . john was supposed to drive him to the garage , but he didn't . glen is going to help cecil instead . he'll be at his place in 2 hours .
abigail and mia are watching the good place .
dylan needs mike's urgent help in the garage .
they are going to meet for coffee in 5 minutes .
gloria and margaret will meet at 4 15 .
both luke and heidi are considering a delivered lunch as the weather is very stormy .
eli was with alex last night . his parents were looking for him . eli will call alex's parents to explain the situation .
mrs suchecka's office hours are most likely from 1 3 pm on mondays and or on tuesdays .
greg has been offered a visiting professor position in poland after a conference he attended and would like to know the realities of academic life in poland . sam describes them to greg . greg will respond that he is interested in the offer .
hugh took a picture of his roommate mike when he was asleep with his girlfriend dee .
austin wants to give a puncher as a graduation gift to mr peter , their biology professor . julia is hesitant about the idea . pedro is ignoring austin's messages .
fred will watch a sci fi film titled photon on steve's sister recommendation . steve and fred are marihuana smokers .
josh and marton will watch the game at 7 30 pm . studio starts at 7 pm .
hope is tired of her neighbours' kids who are playing annoying keyboard music over and over again . she wants to record the sound from her room .
miriam , cecil , amanda and jean are going to eat in chez youssouf in the african quarter tonight .
kate , chris and john will see pinocchio at the theater on saturday . chris thinks the play will be too childish for john . chris and kate will pick john up earlier from his drum lesson to make it to the play . chris's work is going slow . kate would mention it to his boss before christmas .
bob has mike's vacuum cleaner . bob is out of town . mike need the vacuum cleaner . bob will call his in laws who have the key to his apartment .
george's ancestors left england before 1600 . one of them was held captive by cornwallis . they settled on knotts island , virginia and became farmers later . the farming ended after george's father stationed on bermuda during wwii .
chris is having an appointment with nathan today at 4 30 .
beth's brother's wife , mid 50's , died of bee sting allergy . beth doesn't know about the funeral arrangements yet .
jake will buy ben jerry's cookie dough ice cream for pregnant grace .
sophie , mark and stephen are going to da giuseppe pizza on friday . arianna will join them around 6 pm . tony can't go as he's busy .
jason , yvonne and marc are going on a trip , they fly next tuesday at 3pm .
bill and tex will play games tonight .
tory and vernon would like to learn to play the guitar . palmer used to play , but neither tory nor vernon ever heard it . palmer will play for tory and vernon tomorrow at 9 pm at tory's place .
kelly plans to make rocky road for friday . polly is doing coffee buttercream sponge . polly and kelly don't know who's taking care of the coffees and the teas . kelly will think about it and let polly know .
sylas was unpolite with tori because she was annoying . sylas is sorry . they will talk in college tomorrow .
janet considers trump's election victory a disgrace .
john will send his address and phone number to their e mail . then he will receive a confirmation and his prize will be delivered in 3 to 4 days . john cannot choose the colour of the phone he has won .
den's mother isn't in good mental condition , she cried this morning . jane recommends she should get out more and agrees to invite her for tea on friday .
peter disappeared and nobody has any news from him .
a drunk driver caused a car accident last night . he hit trey's friend and his passenger . nothing serious happened to them but the car is trashed .
kayla bought a ps4 yesterday . she foun the game justin and his brother were playing interesting . it was god of war . justin will visit her to see the console . kayla will be at home in 2 hours ,
chad is going to help matias with listening and reading at portuguese test .
judy wants her mom to help her pick a dress for the party . she chose the red one . judy will be home in an hour .
jessica got 109 out of 110 in her graduation .
karen has landed . mary and amanda are waiting for her in the arrivals hall .
erin asks peter out for a dinner , they're going for mexican food at 7 .
sam has found his charger .
lauren booked the place in andorra for 5 nights for 4 people .
val met sara last night to explain to her how to do something . sara was rude to him , she said that she didn't work for him and that she took instructions from vicky only . val is angry that vicky doesn't appreciate him and employed sara without checking her references . jan will phone val tonight .
ashton can't meet with claudia tomorrow because he has a test . claudia will confirm if she can come to the meeting on saturday afternoon .
brett was shopping at vans store with his little brother . cynthia spotted him there .
tom's cruise went good , other than some people getting colds . ricky had terrible weather on his cruise from greece to turkey and discourages tom from doing that one .
joyce invites derek to enjoy the sunset , but he is inside a museum .
william and ronald will be staying home for the holidays , nora is going to germany .
harry would love to join maria and her friends for a concert tonight .
hadwin and fitch have not sent any messages to each other for 6 months . fitch does not have a boyfriend . hadwin wants them to get in touch more often .
roxane's going to stay in town for a couple of days during christmas and wants to meet sarah . sarah's planning to visit her in laws during christmas but is willing to meet roxane if they both are in town in the same time .
mary was wearing a gorgeous and expensive dress yesterday . she had bought it in paris . she always has great and pricey clothes . she's going to italy this summer .
shelly found a picture of a colour that no one can name . syd thinks it's green , ursula believes it's blue .
lawrence and terry are being picked up by arthur at the station .
kyle needs to change the job immediately . stan will let him know if they have vacant positions .
linda , liz and barbara are complaining about the tickets to broadway being so expensive . if they had lots of money linda would see phantom , les miz , wicked , lion king , and liz would go to see hamilton . barbara'd go with either cats or lion king .
miley has not chosen the name for her baby yet . bryan has some suggestions for her .
donald is at the university . he'll be home around 5 . the courier will arrive at 5 . donald asked laura to buy bread . she didn't do it . donald will do it .
frank and alice choose a scene with the 3 witches from macbeth for their assignment . frank and alice proceed to translate the shakespearean dialog into every day modern english line by line .
jared has been complaining about his job for long time .
abigail has a lot to study . she will try to get some sleep .
chandler is feeling sick .
they have more staff and more orders than last month , so damarcus hopes they can earn more . cody is optimistic , since they have sent coupons to the customers and he is planning changes to improve the atmosphere .
sally is coming tomorrow and so is peter's half spanish friend carlos . he'll tell peter if he's coming to the concert tomorrow and luckily there are still some tickets .
peter is experiencing heavy snowfall and sends a picture to nick in barcelona .
berdie likes the roland barthes' quote mike posted . berdie offers him his books in spanish but mike doesn't speak it and uses an online store . mike likes reading on kindle , berdie prefers paper , especially when it comes to non linear story line as in cortazar's hopscotch .
cambino asked ciara not to be late for tomorrow's album launch .
alivia is having a good breakfast right now . she offers to share it with declan .
tonight ben is going to spend the evening in front of the tv . harry is working .
jeff ate dave's last bagel .
ryan is not happy with his job today . ryan will be there for 9 more hours . pen packed ryan's lunch . ryan has a new colleague that he's training for the job . ryan's another colleague , pete , played a trick on the new worker .
martin found details of a residence which he feels is overpriced . martin invites suzie for a coffee as he is still in the city .
trent will take care of uma's dog during the weekend .
donna doesn't like peter's vintage shirt .
ms johnson will immediately deliver the octon files to the slab square office .
amy's hand is slightly better but she cannot move it too much yet . gill did not know that it was broken .
noel and james will meet at the market today around 11 .
roy will send lee a link to the song when he gets home .
mandy will come to billy's after her shopping at the supermarket .
eva and dan are looking for a kindergarten for tommy . they're on a budget . kate's niece goes to the one in bethnal green . nathalie's son goes to the montessori at hampstead . nathalie sent a file about montessori methods . fiona sent her children to a public school .
charlie is going south and will be back on monday . debra had to undergo another procedure .
tom cannot reach dan on the phone . jack and dan won the match today and are at a bar drinking . jack will pass the phone on to dan so tom can talk to him .
greg is going to bring the book sandra is looking for .
samuel's dad will drop by in the evening , about 6 . 30 pm . samuel won't be there , he needs to stay at work longer .
jennifer has finished editing . she has added links to the description .
the tutorial is not available , because there is no access to the server .
nick remembered to bring the contract .
tom and oliver invite patrick to the mcr's weekly quiz .
tomas and ann couldn't rent a car that they had previously reserved via an app . they took a bus to the train station instead . tomas and ann barely made it for their train . their train was 5 minutes late .
isabel wants darcey , tilly and aisha to decide on the film and the winner is the exorcist .
anna will come to meggy and alex's office tomorrow around 2 pm and will bring cupcakes . meggy and alex's boss should be out of the office by 11 am as he leaves for cracow .
bob is not going shopping on black friday . tina is going . harry thinks cyber monday is better than black friday .
samuel , ted and georg will stop at byblos before coming to harissa . they will write to ali later .
lila forgot to make an appointment to get manicure so jane recommended her a beauty salon that she went to .
philip isn't going to the party , but ella will go with mia .
francis is hungry . alma is going to cook . francis will buy carrots , broccoli , potatoes , onions , rice , and tomato sauce on alma's request .
zeynep is trying to pick an outfit for her job interview . hazal and zuleyka advise her on the outfit and the hairstyle .
someone is stealing food from the common fridge . deacon believes the management is going to solve the problem and started marking his food as a precaution .
agnes got new comfy winter boots and wants to show off . renee wouldn't mind matching ones .
loredana will book a place for her and lu to stay at in rome . lu didn't manage to do it yesterday because he was busy shopping with his mother . loredana had an organic raspberry blueberry shake she enjoyed .
amelia picked the black high heels and green dress for madison .
elijah is throwing a party for new year's eve . he invited dylan and jane . they will bring some wine and jane's vegan spreads .
sara didn't meet interesting people on tinder . alex also dated a couple of time but without success .
ann is late . ann and her will pick ron up .
ralph is coming home to play with jerry .
anna had an argument with joanna so it's not easy for george to talk to her . joanna and anna had a common project . joanna changed the research group in the last moment . anna was serious about this one . ian will let george know .
dave , ella and jamie went to the theatre together . jamie finds the play too long when for dave it was a little bit pretentious . only ella totally enjoyed the performance .
moshe and haven are arguing . haven left the flat and doesn't answer her phone , because she's angry with moshe for calling her a child . she has no key to the flat . she refuses to accept moshe's apology .
linda paid for the gift , because according to her she owes money to gary . he will text her about it now .
mia will start cooking upon robert's call .
joyce visited netherlands to meet up with emma after long time . they spent great time together on the stroll and in a cosy cafe .
amy and lilly are looking for tickets for grand hall next week . amy's got one from her friend who got ill . lilly will buy it from arnold for 15 . they'll meet in the main hall in 10 minutes .
issac got the schedule table for this week from luna .
joey , mike , pierre , don and clark plan to do physical preparation before the next match .
sara wants to go to the zoo . hank will talk to her about it when he gets home .
kimberly and toby met at julie's party on saturday . she befriended him on facebook , and in return , he invited her to grab a coffee at starbucks around 5 pm .
there was a big fire in california . according to preston , fires are caused by people .
robert has c in 5 , b in 30 and doesn't have anything in 30 .
laura is in cuba at the moment . she has mixed feelings about cuba . she's travelling with her companion . cuba is expensive for tourists . she has to spend over 100 on a daily basis .
tim and greg were drinking yesterday . today , they both overslept .
tom doesn't have a credit card . he gets the money in cash every friday . tom pays his bills at the post office .
rachel found out from kenny that dean spreads the rumor that the trip was cancelled because of her . dean denies and will explain it tomorrow .
charlotte will borrow the book about mindfullness from alice .
peter missed the bus . next bus is coming in 20 minutes . peter is going to take an uber .
joey sent a funny gif .
meg and matt will come to hanna's party . maia has yet to decide . natasha is also invited and so are everybody's partners .
mike , anna , ben and harry want to start a book challenge . they will have to read 24 books in a year , which means 2 books each month . they will discuss the books they have read , recommend and swap books .
iker sent mike something by mistake .
caroline doesn't want to see peter . she will meet nala in 1 , 5 hours at the gym .
olympia will come to monica's place in 10 minutes .
elizabeth doesn't know what she wants for christmas , but advises robert to buy tom a new tshirt , and bart a truck .
emelia has just been to a funeral . lucy offers consolation .
early morning on sunday eric and nat will go see the new exhibition at the national gallery .
martha asks if nick is going to the movies . she offers to help him with anything that may allow him to come .
liam and lily are going for coffee with ethan and rosie to baba restaurant . ethan will go by car .
there is a big storm coming . students should either stay at home or keep an eye on the weather warnings . maya will be late , as her taxi hasn t arrived and she needs to walk . timothy's flight is cancelled , leah's flight out of amsterdam should be on time .
vance wants to meet up with britanny and reynold at the weekend . reynold is free on saturday , but he can't drink much alcohol . vance is going to ivite bryde too .
jane will meet jim out the front at 7 30 pm .
frank always takes out the trash .
niki cleaned up the house .
the meeting is at 10 am .
kate missed pedro . pedro has been busy .
mike and george agreed to meet on monday at 4 pm .
there was a mosque bombing in the usa . veronica , valery and kay are meeting tomorrow to make a project about religious groups .
urban , jerry and jimmy are meeting today at 6 pm for a rehearsal before the competition . according to urban , jimmy still makes some mistakes in choreography .
mark promises his aunt julie to pray before sleep .
heather likes tarantino's movies a lot and finds them a sort of cynical . the hateful eight is a masterpiece for him , but derek hasn't seen this movie yet . jack's favourite tarantino's movie is inglorious basterds . according to derek and jack , tarantino's django is too long .
marie will buy a t shirt from tamara's website .
bob will come over to fix the pipe that children had played with .
marty has a headache everytime it rains .
pete got the promotion and is moving to china . savannah will come over to chris .
andrew and daniel will meet at the old mcklaren's at jarvis st . for a beer .
adam and hannah exchange photos they took . hannah wants to post them on instagram . as jane doesn't look good , adam offers to edit them .
on his way to work , james informs his boss christian that he will be late because his dog got sick .
tatum started working as an english teacher in the preschool today . tatum claims that her days in the kindergarten are numbered because there're too many children in the groups . tatum would rather teach teenagers and adults .
klaudia left her coat at fashion yesterday . magda will take her there to look for the coat .
eva won a competition in koszalin . wanda wants to sing in a folk competition together with her sister and eva on 10th november . eva already knows the song .
lester is enjoying life in the caribbean , he offers to get christian a bottle of rum .
jack likes new ghost's album , simon prefers when they play metal . simon hopes for the new tool album to be released this year . jack is waiting for rammstein's .
brandon forgot his keys again so has to come to mom's work to pick hers up .
theresa , molly and kim will go shopping together tomorrow . they will meet at theresa's place around 12 .
richmond finds the last episode traumatic , daphne and penelope cried while watching it , while richie finds it boring . it turns out richie was watching the uk version , while the others were watching the us version of qaf , so they were talking about a different episode .
ada offered maddie , gina , lena , melanie and greg the possibility to stay overnight at her place .
jose is in bogota now , busy with the preparations .
henry's aunt gemma is divorcing her third husband . he has had an affair . diane doubts aunt gemma will ever find a suitable partner .
dane didn't knock on isla's door last night .
grant will lend vicky 50 dollars . she will reyurn it by the end of the month .
melissa has a stain on her shirt . melissa will change shirts shortly .
barry will probably move to the new place at the end of next month . tom will send him the phone number of the removal company he used .
joanna's ordering lunch from pho is pho . nick wants her to get him a spicy beef pho and a salad . it costs 15 .
jim is getting a mountain tattoo on his chest january 21st as he loves mountains . alec reckons that chest is better than his leg .
afhaam is a little busy and will cal faheem soon .
sophie is wishing mel a happy birthday . mel is fine in lille , but also busy or in a bad mood , and will call sophie tomorrow at 11 a . m . her son is in class with lea .
cody and brian want to find out what happened .
troy will arrive around 11 pm . he will take the bus from victoria .
sarah might have bedbugs in her luggage . she will need to disinfect everything .
roy will buy doughnuts and coke at walmart .
lisa and ron will eat rice and chicken at home tonight . ron will do groceries after work .
ayla is single and has trouble finding a boyfriend .
zoe is not feeling well . she's going to see a doctor after work . caleb thinks it's the flu . zoe has a conference in 3 days and has lots of work . caleb doesn't want to get sick from zoe and urges her to stay home .
anna wishes anton happy thanksgiving .
kelsey shared her zalando discount code with claudia .
alex and john are querying what is on chris'es picture and where he got it from .
ruby wants samuel to take five pieces of the thing he's just sent him a photo of as there's discount at tesco .
mark is going to apply for an office manager position at veronica's company .
ukraine violated the terms of their agreement with russia . russia's reaction was too warlike .
phill is almost at the port . the ferry is mooring .
the bsb's new song is coherent with their style . it is good . the members are about 40 years old , except nick . sara will listen to the song later .
by accident john went to jimmy's instead of jazz club .
charlie is stressed out because he has loads to do . beatriz reckons it's the talk that is crucial . charlie will finish the summary and move on to more important tasks .
eve has tried tasty recipes . she made cheesecake and it was ok . mark thinks it's awfully sweet .
eve informs seth that mom asked him to call her . mom sounded angry . seth will call her later .
sarah cooked dinner for raymond and left it on the stove . he will be home in up to 15 minutes . sarah left to help her mother out .
derek's been late for the meeting with alison and francine because he's playing a game .
todd will get fried rice and some pinot grigio for sue .
mel , tessa , norman and others will watch avengers on saturday . mel will organize the food . tessa will inform others .
kim's company is looking for customer service representatives . he's not sure about the level of salary . the team in this department is nice and supportive . kim can recommend andy and lee for the position .
matthew is in prague . he must save money .
ola doesn't feel like going to maya's party as she doesn't want to see jonny . martha proposes to go shopping or go see a movie together instead . ola agrees .
shane hasn't finished unpacking yet .
eduardo doesn't know how to spell krista's last name for the invitation .
max and steve want to go to the foam party with tyler , so they need 3 tickets . blake cannot join them , because he's going to cuba with his parents .
pete met claire's parents yesterday and it was amazing . jack didn't say a word when he first met caroline's parents . caroline is happy for claire and pete .
dora hates spending christmas with her family .
milan forgot about a meeting where he is supposed to have a presentation . he'll be late . ben will try to buy him some time by bringing up other topics .
robin will call issac tomorrow .
last night tom proposed to sheryl , which is surprising for keen and jessica .
brayden wants to find out about the exam . luke and brayden are in different groups .
mary's necklace was stolen on the bus . she tried to catch the thief but he was too fast . no one reacted to her calling for help . the necklace was worth about 700 . mary hates her erasmus in italy .
there are big fires going on . people are losing their homes and lives and others are working hard to stop it . bill's aunt and uncle used to live in california , but moved to iowa . sylvia has family in carson city , nevada , where she has spent a few days .
clare would love to go again to igazzu falls . gail is happy to see her enjoying life . norma and vince will be at niagara falls next weekend .
fred thinks serena won't be such a good player anymore . sienna has some free time now but she has to work during the holidays . fred is also free right now and he has no plans for the break .
kate is worried about the math test tomorrow . karen has a geography test on tuesday so offers to study together . kate will be at karen's in 30 .
tony and pam will apply for the conference in czech republic in june . jeff won't , as he's already going to san fransisco in june and has a lot of work . serge sent the call for papers for the conference to everybody yesterday .
priya is throwing a tea party today at her home at 4 pm . malini is attending .
jeff wasn't available much as he had a girfriend , but they split up . jeff and gary will meet at o'sheas after work .
zoe found a job advertisement for ursula in yesterday's daily mail .
inez , alicja , gosia and patrycja are planning next food evening . they loved the last evening . they will go to a restaurant proposed by inez on wednesday .
jordyn advises kendrick how to do teamwork during an english lesson .
michelle doesn't have any information on update for harvey yet . the update installs bugs on her computer .
dylan dreamt about his classmates and his teacher , ms . smith . they were in an astronomy museum and ms . smith explained them things in french and german .
logan adopted a dog . the dog destroys his pillows . annie sends him a book on how to teach the dog not to do that . vince suggests to reward and punish the dog according to it's behaviour and to get it some toys .
tonia visited grandma yesterday and had some fantastic cake . she left her gloves at the grandma's when she went to the shed to fetch some jars . tonia will pop in and fetch them on her way back from college . in fact they are her mum's gloves , she needs to slip them in again without her noticing .
anna blocks cosmo as he gets creepy .
des is nice when he is asleep and annoying when he is awake .
markus went to the march yesterday and saw neo fascists fighting with antifa . tony watched the entire march online .
davy will go for training today . he will pick up michael with him because bill has to be somewhere at 8 .
amanda recommends reading neil gaiman to ronnie .
two people were killed in the road accident in front of the shopping mall . emilia's brother saw it .
agnes smiths invites jude wallington to the natural products expo and asks her to sign up for it . jude also asks about the price .
james is working on a product for his client . vanessa , mary and john think it's nice , but they suggest adding more vibrant and vivid colours to it .
jonathan asked nathan how is he , while watching the alaskan horror episode of river monsters .
alvarez and josé are hopelessly disappointed with machester united's performacne lately .
mario and j lin will let steve video them when they dance with the same woman or with each other .
stanley will order the food for spot . it should be delivered by thursday .
tim will buy a new microwave at tesco .
aria will bring red wine to emma s .
ethan and abigail are surprised that she did not inform them about getting married . ethan found out about it when she left her cell phone in his room and he told that to abigail .
jill will be late .
emily needs an invoice urgently . even though she sent invoice details last month , andrew requests them yet again .
charles left his tie at carter's place and he'll pick it up next time .
nia needs to warm up the room , because maya comes back home today .
rylie , dylan and elsie are going to muse concert .
rosa is struggling with a spreadsheet . vince helps her . rosa is in the wrong spreadsheet .
neither rita nor ivan have managed to do all the homework . they decide to split the chapters 12 and 12 between them and share afterwards .
jane , mary and suzan are going somewhere tomorrow .
uriel recommends visiting maputo . serena needs a visa to go there . serena wants uriel to join her because she is afraid of travelling alone in africa .
greg will be 10 minutes late and brina will wait for him in front of the coffee shop .
anna and sam saw each other . anna and sam have some health problems . sam is getting better . sam sends anna a link .
nancy considers buying a pet for bobby .
there will be a transmission of thomas hampson singing with the vienna chamber orchestra tonight at 8 15 on 3sat .
alexa will be doing final year project with ethan . hunter is doing the project in emma's group . alexa hopes to see something interesting at the exhibition .
jessie are rose need to hand in a project by the end of next week . they're both very busy , but jessie insists on meeting . rose eventually agrees to meet some time this week .
roy likes a piece of music troy , bob and agnes don't enjoy at all .
claire from high school is now an instagram model , who has had a few plastic surgeries even though she claims otherwise . nevaeh and kennedy think she used to look better before as she bears too much resemblance to a barbie doll now .
robin wants to cancel a lesson with eric , as she's not feeling well . it's too late to cancel , so robin will be charged the fee for the lesson . robin may try to come just for 30 minutes .
martha is going to wear the new black dress at tom's party tomorrow .
it's christmas time . nate prefers easter , because of food . jack agrees .
isabella bought train tickets for sunday . liam paid for the concert tickets .
larry won't manage to have a date with jane tonight as he have to stay at work longer . they will meet on friday instead .
anna and ursula like hyden's christmas tree .
kate is in australia . she is on a second date with a guy she met here .
amber will grab susan and annie and go back to the errigal . bailer and mamon finished eating and are headed there .
patricia cannot sleep . she may be jet lagged .
jackson is visiting the office today .
gabrielle's friends from the office are coming over tonight . lawrence will clean the kitchen .
samuel is getting scary about the french protests regarding taxes .
charles and michelle will be there at 17 34 . richard will be waiting for them with their mom . he will pick them up .
jeff and peter are waiting at the airport restaurant for a delayed flight . they will tell marion when it lands .
chris left his house keys at work . anna is working late tonight and will be home by 10 pm . chris will wait for her at the pub .
mitch broke up with melanie just before the wedding because she cheated on him . it's hard for both andrea and rebecca to believe it .
doreen wants jason to make some coffee for her .
blake deleted pubg from his phone yesterday .
ulla is at a party and she's feeling cold . it hailed last night . baltasar will go to the beach as it's warm here .
freddie is on his way , he will be with jackie in 5 minutes .
ollie baked strawberry , raspberry and black currant muffins for tomorrow .
it's ryan's birthday next week . jack , arthur and bryan want to get him a present , e . g . a playstation game . bryan will look for a suitable present .
troy is sad as his grandma left . troy will see her in a few months .
ostoja's mother had a high blood pressure 170 90 . ostoja gave her a suplement for water extraction and eucaptil medicament , and her pressure became better 140 81 .
sid left coffe for nancy in the kitchen . she woke up .
alicia got a pup whose name is alex . jenna will come to see him at 8 pm tomorrow .
matt and raf don't know what to write in their essays in philosophy . they need to write 15 pages . they wonder why they took philosophy .
mike and john read harry potter books as kids . mike does not have any of john's books . john has lent his harry potter book to ben .
conrad prefers batman to superman . conrad sends beth a how it should have ended episode . beth sees similarities between batman and oliver queen . beth likes captain america . beth hasn't seen the new avengers movie . conrad has seen deadpool 2 , but will go to see it again with beth this weekend .
magnus can't come today . his grandmother is in hospital in quite bad conditions .
georgina explains how to upload a photo in a blue crm and how to contact a psychologist .
mark can lend julie the book on colonial history that she was looking for in the library and at the bookstore . they'll meet today and he'll give it to her .
matt stops to buy some tampons and wine for jaya on his way home .
mario got lost on a way to grace's place .
mel didn't like the atmosphere at work and connie was also dissatisfied with the salary .
abraham and angela feel lonely . abraham split up with a girl that moved to france .
elly returned from the czech republic yesterday night . she will meet bob on friday to work on the project .
ethan and zoe decided to make a birthday party reservation at cosmic adventures for lily .
michael is preparing an assignment for tomorrow . john forgot about it . john has to write an essay of 500 600 words on patriotism .
diggle sends alex a video . diggle is in england at the moment . the weather has improved since alex left .
they tease chester and exchange jokes about the snickers bar .
luke will be on time and will bring some coke to the meeting with lewis and matthew .
paula is having a dinner date with chris tonight .
ken and marco will play tennis in one hour .
charlotte is at home . chris will take her for a surprise ride .
jen met a guy online . she wants to date him for fun . she is having dinner with him tonight at 8 pm .
patty , jenny and lydia are going to start watching old movies every week beginning this weekend .
mom will make spanish omelette for lunch and evan will buy dessert with the money from granda eugene .
gordon broke his shoes while jumping over a fence . it wouldn't really be possible to repair them , so he needs a new pair .
leo will fetch oscar his charger .
it is raining . finley remembered to take in his and sofia's clothes from the balcony before he had left for work .
victor is protesting in budapest against orban's overtime payment law .
amelia told james about professor evans's art exhibition . james invites mia even though they had a plan to go to the cinema . mia doesn't know amelia and is stressed about meeting her .
mary wants to change the sponsorship deal she talked to hunter about for influencers and going viral to boost the brand .
andy is happy he saw ciara the previous way . she can't believe he recognised her . andy thinks she didn't change so much .
suzy doesn't know what joseph should buy in the shop . they will get a pizza today .
barry doesn't like oliver saying you have failed this city .
anna is at the counter .
kate is ordering a pizza .
emily hasn't finished the task and olivia hasn't even started .
zoe has missed jo's message about lunch and they will meet at tea time instead .
dorothy congratulates damian and sarah on their anniversary . damian and sarah are in zakopane on a church camp . damian is working very hard .
neither juliet nor eva will come today for the class . they can meet some other day to practice their song .
addison is thinking of painting her house . elijah recommends diamond paint .
carter's dietitian said he needed to lose about 67 lbs and change his eating habits as soon as possible . he has type two diabetes . his doctor gave him a low sugar , calorie controlled diet . aria will help carter .
pete informs anouk that he won't come to his birthday party and expresses his good wishes . gregory confirms that he'll come .
hakuna matata means no worries according to ian .
alan doesn't have time for jeremy . he needs to prepare for an evening , because he's going out with his old school friends .
john bought plastic cups because he doesn't have enough glasses for all of them .
jessica is not joining olivia and hannah for cinema . jessica cannot afford to go to the cinema at the moment . olivia was in the same situation last month .
logan and molly need to hurry up , because the next bus is in 40 minutes .
lucas will fix a dripping tap for abby .
skyler sends the photo to devante .
olivia was on a date with josh last night . josh suddenly brought up a political subject during the date . tanner and olivia are surprised as josh didn't use to talk about politics . olivia didn't like it and might not go out with josh again .
jane is updating her tinder profile . she's nervous and worried that she might get a bad match again . shona reassures her .
garry visited his hometown , rye , last weekend . it was strange because it felt bigger when he was a kid .
chloe dislikes stella's designs and advises her to give up . stella won't quit and mrs hall thinks she is talented too .
alyson will take the cake to chris' party .
she will have problems getting the brexit deal through the house of commons . the tories might have stalled the process on purpose . jim and paul voted out of the eu . brexit without a deal might cause problems . a bad deal might cause unrest in the country .
ronald is after recommendations for his holiday in poland .
kim and hannah can't wait for black mirror coming soon . sydney and kim find interesting the interactive episode .
terry has to work overtime to deal with hong kong . tony dislikes working with them .
suzie and jacob think the newly elected mayor's speech was boring . they are both hoping for some changes to their division .
phil didn't get a damage waiver , so he'll have to pay for all of that .
holly is going to be late tonight .
hannah is 6 months pregnant and stays fit .
pearl is no longer dating will . pearl is now dating vince and they might get married . pearl is going to attend a yacht party that vince is organising .
the last two lessons are facultative , so anna louis and meghan don't have to stay in school untill 7 .
anna wants to get back in shape after having her first baby . olivia suggests leading a healthy lifestyle . beth suggests sleeping a lot . jane tried exercising while her baby had a nap .
greta will pick john up after 5 but before 7 . she has pilates at 8 .
bin day this week is on thursday . next week it's on wednesday . then it's back to normal on tuesdays .
harry got a bonus this year but evie didn't get one .
luke will meet sarah at the main terminal at 6 pm and they will go to starbucks with her friends .
romana has sent her cv to jennifer . jennifer offers romana work on a transcription project on an on line platform . romana is interested in the job . romana has to take an online test first . romana provides her availability and send a copy of her id at jennifer's request .
eveline's flight has a one hour delay . kate is at home waiting for her .
finn forgot to rsvp to an invitation to the wedding . the deadline for the response is today . finn and crystal will come to the wedding .
mickey doesn't have any jobs for nate at the moment .
bale refuses to come to the gate with henry to pick up something from henry's friend .
isabella's complexion is rubbish . mia suggests focusing on hygiene and poppy on a proper diet .
don thinks iphone is expensive but it's worth it . jamie's nokia sucks so he will check samsung galaxy on johnson's recommendation .
cynthia went to a party last night that jacob didn't go to . penny came to the party with her new boyfriend who is a sailor . penny has recently started a new job as a secretary .
terry has a new girlfriend , and quinn is very upset about it .
emery will buy ready made pizza dough for cooper .
ann has to prepare report for tomorrow . she will have to stay late at work . sam offers her his help .
danny will lend his notes from last year to solana so she can study for the exam on wednesday .
clara and mila are having a trip tomorrow . clara is afraid it will be raining although weather forecast does not say so .
linn got married . lisa will visit her tomorrow .
using the search in conversation option in messenger , andrew confirms sebastian's birthday is on the 19th .
sarah , zoe , george , daniel and jake will meet at 7 pm to play some music together . george has some new ideas , which he will show the other people .
emily is upset . she can't find a company for movies in turin , because her peers think it's suitable for old people . giorgio invites her to the cinema with martina and francesco next saturday .
jess and joe have mary's notes .
diana's cat named othello has had a rash for a week . the vet gave them a natural ointment which is ineffective . karen and frank think that othello may be allergic to something . they advise diana to change a vet and to do him a blood test .
kenton got a coffee machine from his parents but he's not sure what coffee should he buy . annie recommends an arabica caffee to kenton and he's rushing to the shops .
jackie got engaged in central park . marisol , carlita , eunica are excited . jackie doesn't know the date yet but they are all invited .
ronny and walt finish work at 3 today so they will go home together .
martha got accepted at university as part time student . she's just booked a ticket for 12th september . she doesn't have a place to stay . flats are expensive and she doesn't have right to any accommodation program . jay will ask around if his friends have a spare room .
everything is ok with wendy's computer . bill asks her to contact him in case anything happens . he has been already very helpful .
roy is angry , because his laptop has slowed down .
maria is intolerant to lactose but she can safely use buttermilk or fermented milks .
jaz is watching the last kingdom with her husband . jaz won't see nikki at work as she's off for a couple of days .
there was a pigeon on the football pitch .
jake and dean are dissatisfied after watching the game . their team lost 5 games . the team still has a chance in the cup , but the players must improve the way they play .
gwen and mercy are going away to a lake in the forrest . gwen is going to buy food .
morgan will make a vegetarian lasagna for a dinner with noemi and david .
dan , arabella and matteo were going to meet at jesus college and take the bus . matteo would be 15 minutes late . the group decides to meet at the station instead . arabella brought lots of food for their tour , so matteo doesn't need to take more .
robert is taking his cousin bowling . helen will join them . robert is trying to be closer to his family .
taylor and alice exchanged christmas wishes . taylor is spending christmas with john's family . alice will visit a small village in the mountains with her children and chris . alice's family is also going to ski . taylor's dinner is almost ready , so she needs to go .
xana and hank both fed the cat this morning . next time someone feeds it they will leave a note on the fridge .
george bush died .
ashley and troy like troye sivan's new song strawberries and cigarettes . ash doesn't like his music . troy thinks that troye sivan won't ever be on top as he's too hipster .
luis will see alvaro at the cafe libertad in front of the hospital at 17 30 . alvaro is running late .
patty wishes ben a nice day .
vanessa had twisted her ankle on saturday , so she couldn't go to school . vanessa has to stay in bed for two days .
syl went to kaufland .
owen thinks cathy is dating luke . luke is a good friend of cathy .
chet will get mom a new coffee maker for christmas . chet will order it and anita will get the card and wrap it .
ana went to her psychologist appointment . her mom eve is worried about her . ana will call eve .
gabriel wants to get a playstation or an xbox . julian recommends an xbox and he's great fan of them . gabriel has always had a playstation .
fawn will be there in 5 minutes .
lucy had a bad monday but she has a good day today . jonathan and lucy reckon she will probably have something in between tomorrow .
martha and violet spent 10 hours yesterday evening and today morning recording a song . it's 7 minutes long . martha does all the guitars and violet plays the drums and the piano . they have composed the piece together .
mary and wolf will spend the next 4 weeks in cuba , then they will go to cancun on jan 4th . the internet is limited and expensive in cuba . they worry about food availability and prices there . they plan to try different liquors . dieter recommends cohiba . he likes their holiday photos they sent him .
eve bought a new eyeshadow palette and recommends it to martha .
greg is anxious about his future . he doesn't know whether he should go to college or find a job . maggie suggests that he should consider working as a paramedic or physiotherapist .
mickey is going to tora tora . kamil can't afford to go there . gustavo is staying in . andreas doesn't want to go .
heather and jax are going to see their grandmas and families at christmas . heather is also having her nails done .
ali is going to wait at the airport . kate will pick him up at around 9 pm . they are going to have sushi in the evening . simon will be ready at 8 . 15 .
matt went out with his cousin yesterday . matt and jennifer are going to meet with a group of friends in wild pig bar today . jennifer is going to a theatre show before the meeting .
martha , tom and peter are meeting up . peter is picking her up .
ian and tim are going to meet at the bar and join the others later .
violet is interested in the book frankie is reading . she will try to borrow it from the library .
henry will follow amanda's recommendation of vienna for the weekend trip .
glen created a group to discuss the presentation with mark and anne . anne does not want to do it .
jesse and alex are in france . they noticed some differences between french and american women . jesse and alex think french appreciate more skinny girls with an almost boyish appearance than vulgar american pop stars .
liam , jamie , jude and leon want to start working on new material . leon sends a sample of his new song to the rest of the group . jude , jamie and leon are skeptical about the intro . liam likes it . the group will talk about it on friday .
tervor is up next for the exam .
mia is preparing for finals . mia and aiden will go to san francisco next weekend .
danny and maria are talking about the independence march in poland . danny and his parents had goose bumps when the president was speaking and they felt really proud of their country . danny and maria decide to go together to the march next year .
jack will pick up the keys to nia's apartment so that he and anna can stay there . anna arrives at 10 . 35 but jack needs to find a dentist for her urgently .
martin doesn't like his new neighbor . although he's joe's brother , he ignored martin . smelly place , loud music , loud talking and a barking dog are the reasons martin will have to deal with the neighbor if it doesn't stop .
george will find out if he has any contacts left at xcomapny at marc's request . marc needs information on their new project .
mitch needs some time to tell his dad he doesn't want to do it . if he doesn't say it , he will regret it for the rest of his life .
aby will be done with school mid june if she passes all her exams at first attempt . if she fails it'll be the beginning of july .
patricia will bring susan a tampon .
ally is going out tonight and made soup and baked vegetables for gwen .
ala and jacek are going to eat eggs and bagels for breakfast .
fred's trying to reach christel's location . christel informs fred that her house is opposite the cemetery entrance and that her neighbour has a large red van . fred spots the place .
ernest forgot about the fishing with allan . ernest got dumped and had to move out , so allan invites him over for a drink to cheer him up .
dora finds file_video from iggy funny .
robin and britney are going grocery shopping tomorrow . they will go to a dog show downtown and to the restaurant afterwards .
charlotte and daisy suffers from insomnia . charlotte's watching a movie .
patricia will let jacob know tomorrow if she can come over on wednesday at 6 pm . patricia's father celebrates his birthday in two weeks , at the weekend .
clara's boyfriend jacob is driving her crazy , she's with him now , but doesn't feel anything for him . she doesn't know how to tell him about it .
alyson is going to greece this weekend . she books a manicure , pedicure and full wax at about 5 pm on tuesday with chen . chen will check with shona if alyson can also have some tan at about 6 pm afterwards and will get back to alyson .
guy's parents in law will pay him a visit tomorrow , so he cannot play rugby . he will join marti next saturday .
daisy and carlos passed the french exam . carlos got a higher grade and was boasting about writing random answers . daisy assumes that carlos spent a lot of time on studying and is just pretending , to be perceived as a nice guy .
kelly is choosing the color of her dress , red versus blue .
mike is getting tired of all these taxes . mike made a mistake he voted for the liberals and he will vote conservative next time .
anca and kamil are travelling to boston and new york for holiday and need recommendations . anca and kamil are interested in culture and want to see some new york landmarks . joona recommends some tourist attractions and gives tips on how to get into museums more cheaply .
jeremy will order some pizza and get some coke for tonight . cleopatra won't join him because she's on a diet .
olivia doesn't like her looks as she's anorexic .
agnes has to stay longer at work .
phoebe had a terrible day . she will meet at 7 45 with jennifer to watch despicable me in helios . patrick can't go .
oscar went to a club with some friends and got wasted . he needs the notes form ben for their classes . ben wants to get a spot at the club where oscar works on friday in return .
it's april fools' day , and charlie and paul hate it .
leonie sends yves to buy 3 pack of medium green beldi wine glasses for isaure . they cost 180 dirhams per pack .
mia will make an appointment at the adrew hairdresser .
bianca and alice are going to meet for a coffee at the mall at 3pm .
they are going for a 2 week trip to barcelona because flights are cheap . they will buy him the tickets for his birthday .
debra stained the ceiling with wine . she has to remove the stains in order not to lose a deposit .
luke scholarship was rejected . luke lacks 1 point to qualify for it . jim reckons it's high time for luke to find a job .
seth has bought a new hagstrom xl 2p guitar . according to jamie , he should have bought a better guitar .
lucy has applied for a job and needs to put sue's name down for a reference . she's hoping to start at end of the month . lucy is going to do some work for sue this week .
peter announces that einar selvik is coming to poland . reginald and samuel want to buy tickets for the concert .
it's 1 . ann hasn't come back at home at 23 as she was supposed to . she's at paula's . peter can't drive her back . cheryl , her mother , is going to pick her up .
alex got offered a part time job at the pub , but he has to work for two unpaid shifts at the weekend as training . alex has already worked 3 unpaid hours . lu thinks alex shouldn't agree to that .
jane and george's mother fell and had a bad sprain trying to catch herself . george hasn't seen mum long due to expensive plane tickets . they consider hiring a retired neighbour to check on mum daily and spend some time with her , but george can't help with it financially . he will call mum later .
sara and tom will go together on holidays . they will spend 6 days abroad . they found convenient flights for both of them .
jacob can't join ted and jason to watch the game today because he has to stay longer at work and also study for tomorrow's exam . they will watch the champions league game on tuesday together .
mark likes the mcfit gym and goes there before midday . cole doesn't like it , thinks it's too crowded in the evenings , but admits it's cheap . mary wants to go to the gym before going to the office .
naffy is about to do a baby scan . she's angry at julian because he's not with her .
frank recommends papa gino's ice cream shop to kenzie . he will not join kenzie and her family .
marie , trevor and cory liked the party . there were sausages , drinks and dumplings . sima liked the dumplings .
tom left the society with no particular reason .
christian has found a temporary job in the academic sport centre as a janitor .
mike wants to give his car to his parents and lease a new toyota . bruce advices him not to rush with the decision , visit a few places and check his credit score .
arnold is staying in bregenz , at the lake for 2 3 days . jenny is in vaduz and they are making day trips to different places , such as the mountains , hohenems , and feldkirch .
it's kate's birthday . eva lives close by , but works far away . kate , eva , jake , monica and alice all live in the same district .
lisa and dan analysed the latest episode of blindspot .
rice will visit bert .
teachers sammy and mike have decided to start producing cider . their friends oli and natt , a gay couple from dillon , are starting a business with a wine producer . they will buy sammy and mike's apples . michael will have a meeting with oli and natt to discuss details . mama is sceptical about it .
jean had a lot of work to do and he is now relaxing by watching funny videos . jean and hank sent funny videos to each other .
ivana will buy organic eggs and brazilian nuts for julianna .
joshua will meet with james after work at 5 pm . jazmine will meet with james in 20 minutes .
jojo and her children will arrive at the gîte at around 7 pm . there is a beautiful river and park in the vicinity . claude left the keys for jojo in the key safe on the side of the house . the access number is 6782 . claude's phone number is 0768 534251 .
greg went to bosnia , croatia and montenegro last summer . agnes is planning the same trip between the end of june and beginning of july . greg recommended agnes a place to stay in herceg novi . agnes is planning to travel with her husband , two kids and a dog .
martin found a red jacket at his place . justin left it because he was drunk .
mum reminds sarah to take an umbrella because it's raining .
betty didn't come to that meeting one time , because they didn't let her in . she might be in trouble .
mike's been teaching for 14 years and needs a change or break from it .
jim tips off john about a clearance sale on books and cd's .
sarah called harry . she is not happy with the course or her classmates . she already had an integration meeting .
jerry , patricia , mike , frank and michael are meeting at the entrance to their university on wednesday at 7 p . m . to go for a beer . kate's away , so she can't join them .
seth will go to see swan lake with jackie , because rosie has got a flu . jackie got his flu shot last month .
giovanni's date was a success and he's not coming home tonight .
zlatan can't pick up john and terry from the airport , because of work . zoran will help . john and terry will take the bus 290 for 15 stops until kvaterniov trg . zoran will meet them there and take them to zlatan's home . they'll go to the museum of broken relationships and eat something .
vincent has a new girlfriend . cherry and vincent broke up less than a month ago .
rhys is waiting for molly . she had written to him in the afternoon that she would be late , but he didn't get the message . molly is on her way already .
ann and rob are discussing ideas related to redirecting phone calls to a company phone . rob is setting a 0333 number to redirect calls to ann's new sim card . ann also reminds rob about an invoice they have problems issuing as chris is late with necessary reports for trainings .
ahmed wants to meet ali , john , and jeff at yateem centre at 2 but john is in the market until 3 , ali dislikes yateem , and jeff is unfamiliar with the location . they agree to meet at the bab al bahrain at 3 and have a late lunch at naseef restaurant .
alaba and robert will do their best . robert will text riberry and robben to talk about it over drinks . alaba hopes robert won't be late for training today .
lisa is writing sentences for tomorrow . she has a problem with the expression there is in italian . dan and mia help her .
linda loves sarah's lipstick . sarah doesn't get along well with her fiancé , and she thinks she's not in love anymore . sarah doesn't want linda to interfere in her relationship .
adar and ananya like radiohead's new album , but it's not their favourite .
joseph miley's account has been suspended as he has exceeded the number of transactions .
jake has an opportunity to get promoted and move to san diego .
michelle needed linda's help , but linda didn't see the message in time . she was trying to meet a deadline . she went straight to bed after she finished .
henry didn't buy the tv on black friday .
alicia will come to felix's place on wednesday after 2 pm .
elijah is back on medication after his last panic attack . he will call lucas if he wants to talk to someone .
emma is in h m trying on clothes and asking adeline for advice . emma will buy a few pairs of socks for adeline .
ann's dad will take part in the exhibition on saturday . her mom has not decided yet if she will come .
maria and patrick are going to bed at 9 . it's halloween .
tony is waiting for mirko and ellen in their apartment in puerto del rosario . they're coming .
annie and mike want to meet next week to play some games . annie's favourite one is 7 wonders .
lexi and michael are leaving with the dog in 15 minutes . lexi left mike instructions on how to water the plants . mike will visit on tuesdays and fridays to do it . lexi and michael are going to barbados .
rocky was too distracted to notice that henry was talking about his trip to chicago yesterday . rocky's concentration will improve when he starts going out more . jerry will not accompany rocky on today's walk .
mary , jane and suzan are going to go out tomorrow .
maisie is writing an article about evergreen content .
ray asks about amersham and caron informs that she's gone for saturdays and is sorry that hadn't informed him earlier on .
izzy and heather and their kids are going to an amusement park today . they are all going with izzy's car to save some money .
sebastian is going to dress up for halloween as captain morgan again .
steve swears he hasn't stolen john's pen .
kermit is still waiting for the court's decision . he is aware he has fucked up , but he worked hard and he's changed .
niamh and george will visit buba the first weekend of february . they will probably sleep in rupert's room . buba will ask his permission . buba finishes at 4 p . m . on friday . niamh and george will buy tickets today .
tomorrow david will bring rita the textbook she was asked to collect .
glenn ordered the book yesterday . he will forward to tina the tracking number as soon as he receives it .
ralph is going to get high on drugs or alcohol tonight . he sends a message about this to edna by mistake .
chloe is scared as she is feeling crumps . peter will come over . chloe is feeling better now and does not need peter to come over .
serena saw a guy who looked like from the 70's .
holly and jack are happy about the fact that the fearless girl statue was moved to the new york stock exchange to stand there permanently .
henry and louis arranged the meeting for tonight . ron , chris and harris will join them . they plan to play snooker and have dinner . they will meet at 8pm at louis's place , because there is a lot of parking space . louis wants to watch movie at his place after dinner , but it's too late for his friends .
edward , lucy and danny are going to drink coffee .
grace , margaret and susan are watching a video with an adorable cat . they all love it .
mary is feeling sore . it was the same for kate when she was going through the same thing .
sid and trevor will hang out later and get some beer .
nina will be cleaning up her apartment before tom's parents arrival . they are coming for the weekend next week . nelly will pop in to nina's for a beer .
kane has just given his first christmas performance . avril couldn't come . the videos jemima sent were taken by sheldon's mom . kane was invited to sheldon's birthday party , but didn't go as it was his own birthday . avril and jemima will facetime around 5 .
troy and courtney are dismayed that colin is coming to tomorrow's movie night .
adam will ask lizzy about the name of the band whose cd he wants to buy for samantha .
the date of photo shoot was changed to yesterday . makena is not ready yet . they should pay them extra for compensation .
logan , dylan , julia and leo are meeting tomorrow for breakfast in the cafe they visited 3 days ago .
in order to join ginny's classes after the half term , shuhui has to contact her .
both andrew and laura forgot about monica's birthday today . as they do not know what present to buy for her , laura will phone monica's boyfriend and ask his advice .
jazi broke his leg because he fell from the stairs at home . steven is going to be at jazi's in 15 minutes .
jasmine is in kyrgyzstan . brittany and victoria think kyrgyzstan is beautiful .
jody moved in with megan yesterday . so far she's nice , but megan is unsure about her .
filipino is collecting someone from cork airport from 10 pm flight . before that he can be available for intel .
mummy's away with her friend beryl , who s an art historian . they re going to visit some castles tomorrow . mummy will text sarah in the evening . sarah has to empty the washing machine . she can leave the laundry on the line . tomorrow evening peter comes for a meal , so sarah will be home since 6 pm .
sarah has broken her leg .
ken wants his mother to give him some money for books . she decides to get them on the way home hersefl .
john will come to the stroad road flat about 12 today and collect a faulty fuse switch .
ann suggests to meet michael in the irish pub . michael hates that place and suggests to go to an irish trattoria placed at the street he lives instead .
dave has no money to borrow lennon .
isabella made a video for a contest . she wrote the script for it . it took her and patrick 5 days of shooting and a week non stop of editing .
kate and hanna meet at marie's birthday party on the 7th of december . hanna will be in poland from 6 to 11 december . kate and hanna will meet for coffee and breakfast on the 8th of december .
tim receives a letter claiming he owes them money . he will call them today .
phil and jenny are not going to the party tomorrow .
sam and anthony will meet at 8 . 50 to join kirsty , jack and ajay at spoons . suki and rob won't come , anthony doesn't know about carrie .
kate and john are at work . sean finds it boring .
sean is getting milk for alice . they don't have the one she wants , so he'll get any in a glass bottle .
patrick is running late from the office . he will be back at 6 .
josh invites don for dinner . he will announce great news .
edward wants to propose to his girlfriend , but he's not sure what ring she might like or how to do it . edward asks roy for help as he is popular with women .
amy found a photo from last year's december . nicolas should dress up as a reindeer more often .
jacob will give nancy his credit card so she can buy a gift for his girlfriend on his behalf .
ross and justine will buy a season pass to the ice rink at the national stadium .
will likes mexican food and thai food . jake likes mexican , thai and korean food . jake likes kimchi . will hasn't tried it yet and doesn't like spicy food .
erin wants to borrow money from nick for a new pair of prada shoes . he declines because it's not an emergency .
mike reminds harvey the meeting's at 10 am .
peter is interested in the project and will give kane a call about it soon . hank gave him kane's details .
eric is going to see infinity war on friday night and is going to talk about with sonia .
ursula took sandra's hat because she needs it for her outfit . ursula's hat is not exactly the same , it has pink flowers , whereas sandra's got purple ones .
evelyn wants pete to inform mr . dickinson she will be late to their meeting because she is in traffic after she dropped off mary at school .
wojtek and paulina will go for a coffee on monday .
joe is looking for movie recommendations for tonight . megan's favorite movie is raise the red lantern .
nicole , lois and jackie are going to a disco night . the entrance is free for people who dress up .
bo went to a larp . there were some mistakes on the organizers' part , but in general it was okay . bo has pictures from the larp which he will upload soon . bo made some friends at the larp , but a group of players was behaving badly . bo will give feedback to the organizers .
sean goes through emil's bag and finds chocolate . chocolate is for lisa . sean thinks it's a bad idea since emil and lisa are no longer a couple .
scott has been working out for a year and a half . casper and scott saw each other last time 2 years ago . scott goes to the gym every other day for 3 hours . scott offers casper to help him with starting his training .
susie got a bad mark from prof . lavender today .
lloyd will read drew's article after lunch and provide feedback .
he hasn't called olivia . with harry it was easy , he was there at every call from olivia . now olivia needs to learn how to be by herself .
oscar and martin reminisce about the situation at hemel school when they all get drunk and oscar probably saved john griffiths' life . they all got punished for the situation . over the last 27 years oscar's been doing businesses in poland .
leah and rebekah have already got gifts for mom . rebekah wonders about the name of the app where one post a picture and people go find where to buy it .
evan and jack will arrive soon .
mia got almost scammed in bangkok at the tailor's , but luckily , having threatened the seller with police , she got her money back .
john doesn't remember how much david owes him . he's going to check .
josh will be 5 10 minutes late for a meeting with nicole .
lily told bryant that marc would not be coming to dad's 60th birthday party . marc is not speaking to his dad , but he will think about it .
anna is angry at jim . he does not let her go out . he does not pay bills . anna needs jim for heavy works around the property . jen calls jim a parasite .
pippa feels sorry that she will arrive late at the meeting where natalie will be present . it'll last from 8 pm till 9 20 at 24 crescent road .
mary will talk to grace . jacob will pick up grace an hour later .
jake congratulates sam on his getting an a for the test .
ron has eaten a huge bag of gummy bears .
rachel , clare , sara and helen have seen something awful .
lars will be home in 10 . peter is cooking . lars will help him .
martha is keen on buying books online together with jessie .
teddy is impatient to know if emma won but she doesn't know yet and teddy is making her nervous .
adam is waiting for physics exam , but he's already afraid he won't have enough math points .
tina is planning to organize a garden party on saturday . anne supports the idea .
lottie and naomi are going to the meeting after school . children will be looked after by the tas . tas don't earn much money . naomi is going on the trip next week .
jack's waiting for john in front of the cinema and martin'll join them soon .
olivia and anita will come over to mela's place tomorrow , at 8 pm . anita might be late , because she has to do some shopping with her mother .
nath is seeing daria on the first floor , in the corner .
a pregnant woman whose foetus has fatal abnormality has to go to england to have an abortion . even if , according to law , abortion has been available since 1 january , coombe hospital is not prepared to provide it yet .
elise complains a lot , but it's funny for other people . she was happy to see jamie and he made her day .
barbara is back from canada . she's been to montreal and winnipeg . jessie would love to go there , so and barbara recommends ottawa and toronto . she didn't like quebec , though . she's thinking of going to the us next year and so is jessie .
ted hasn't been to school in two months , which worries flora and jane . school bores him but he might show up tomorrow .
lily will be half an hour late . she'll meet anna somewhere close to the city center .
alison's son has been sick and she hasn't been able to work . bill is giving her a last chance before she gets fired . alison has to present her availability to stanley until tomorrow noon .
it's about two weeks till the king's day . dirk says the fee for a boat is 40 per person and includes all that he and his friends need for a party . matthew , aggie and patricia agree to pay . they can't wait for the king's day . the weather is supposed to be good that day .
pedro is tired of waiting for hours and is going home .
jimmy quits smoking as it makes him feel bad .
dave is absent , because he had to go to his aunt's brother funeral today .
clark graduated from medical school . kristen's making fun of him .
abby have passed everything and has time to chill .
brie and emily are discussing the discrepancies in the video they just watched . brie will call her to discuss it further .
if they had a superpower , janet'd like to be able to become invisible and rachel'd like to fly .
mike is working on a project for mr . smith . it's due tomorrow at midnight .
rory wants to break up with jessica . rory says what jessica can do to fix their relationship . jessica doesn't comply . rory won't accept an apology now .
ben booked their flight to nyc . he misspelled their last name and had to make another reservation , so they blocked the sum twice . they will unlock the payment in maximum 3 wd .
larry answers jerry that tomorrow's training starts at 6 30 . larry reminds jerry to take his clothes for dryland training which takes place later on .
liz's partner , chris , tried to kiss jane . they were drunk . she stopped him . olivia believes jane shoudl tell liz about it .
bob bought a green 07 ford focus sedan . rick and bob arranged a meeting on saturday .
betty found an abandoned female dog but she cannot keep it due to not enough space in her flat . ashley cannot either , but is going to look for home for a dog amongst her friends .
jess is staying with her parents as the construction crew is taking too long with her flat . she'll go to the italian place with carla .
harry played soccer when he was 3 years old .
jackson sends gaby an album .
chris is bringing his wife along . otherwise she won't let him come .
hans lands at 1 . 20 on friday and flies back at 4 . 45 on monday . olga will pick him up on friday and drop him off on monday .
lena will stay overnight at mike's from 2 . 11 3 . 11 . he's coming back on the 3rd .
kate and betty are at the medical centre .
wifi is down in the camp . erin will stay home now . erin , alice and becky are going for a swim at 3 pm .
kate and boris are shocked to hear mr perry is a paedophile .
susan and yen are in the library .
freddie and ollie won the game despite freddie's poor accuracy .
lewis and georgia gossip about chrissy's feet and chrissy's relationship .
cris and oleg will see each other for a beer in an hour .
larry is coming home at 6 , fiona at 7 . 30 .
matt doesn't like his english course . he has to study for it a lot . the course ends in a month .
adnan and john are shocked by the video clip about people getting circumcised .
betty is sick and didn't go to school . mr atkins asked about betty . ellie did't go to the rehearsal today because she had a test in biology .
barb has to organize her sister's baby shower , but she hasn't prepared anything . emma is going to help barb . emma will organize catering , games and decorations .
mari has eaten out with her sister and the kids and does not fancy dinner . dave will help himself to some food . mari will be back around 7 . 30 .
jayden and edward are disturbin arthur with their noise at 2 am .
simon went on a 3 week long trip . dave is retired .
francis needs to buy new shirts , because the old ones are worn out . francis will buy new shirts in an online shop opened by peek cloppenburg . skyler advised him to buy a dark blue and white shirt .
patty got engaged . she didn't expect her boyfriend to propose .
steve saw julian and his sister in front of the odeon last night . steve will come to julian and meet his sister tonight .
ola is upset with him . ala wants to cheer ola up . ola would like to go to the club .
todd believes albert is playing online games too much . morty and todd try to control how much time they spend gaming .
keith and monika reminisced the incident that their children were involved in . monika's son was punched by keith's daughter .
frost is a fun of metal music and plays in a band .
nina and vicky are willing to come to oleg's party today . oleg informs nina and vicky to bring mixers and alcohol .
barbabas is at the railway station . he will be 20 minutes late . he flew to cancun in an uncomfortable airbus . selma's mum is sleeping on the train . andy will switch the heating on . barbabas will call selma when he gets home .
elberta will pick kim up at 8 30 to avoid heavy traffic . if they get stuck in a traffic jam , they might miss the economy class .
dilma took hair dryer with her .
veronica sends the nearly complete project . eva declares she may improve it in case it's necessary .
ivan , vasily and dimitri are concerned about the current political situation in ukraine and the conflict between russia and ukraine .
grace is thinking of her outfit for the christmas party . in tilly's opinion , it is too early for that . grace will help tilly with picking the outfit .
wendy can't find liz' apartment . liz lives at roosevelt street 12 2 . wendy will be there in 2 minutes .
john and lenny are playing on a wedding tomorrow . lena asks them to be a bit before 2pm in the palace garden .
drew put whites into the washer .
kane liked the lecture . mary felt bad after the surgery so lee didn't come . kane and lee will hang out soon .
james bought a cruise for himself and betty as an anniversary present . he spent all their savings on it . betty's mad at him . ursula knew he bought it , but she didn't know he spent all their savings .
monica has posted on instagram about her two month old mini schnauzer .
sariyah wish she could have slept more as she was waking up several times at night . jaron's skin is getting better .
walter reminds carol to water his plants . carol killed his lilies once , so walter doesn't trust her . mrs fairwell is moving out .
terry will buy a bottle of red wine on the way home at amanda's request .
everything's been going wrong for danny today . rani wanted to go get a drink with him , but he's too busy . he'll call her later .
bonny will take one bottle of whisky from bryce .
larry needs to work late and asked jane to reschedule their date . jane and larry will see each other on friday .
kevin's brother is in hospital with a bad cold .
hannah will come to zuza's place tomorrow at 11 30 . they will be working on the paper .
dee and caron watched celeb last night . they are surprised by the height of dec , holly and ant .
lykke's suitcase broke . tina has a puccini suitcase .
amelia invited lucas , poppy and jack for her birthday next friday at 8 . 00 .
luke can't take his car . jack's car is small and has no air conditioning . jack will drive chloe's car because she does not want to be a driver .
rachel will call ross back in 5 minutes to talk about tommy .
jess is frustrated with sociobiology and other classes .
patricia and nestor are going to the gym at 8 o'clock .
alicia thinks pedro is ok .
ruth will help amanda find a new dress .
connor is sitting at the table behind an old couple . luna has noticed him .
linda wore an interesting outfit in jessica's and jennifer's view .
their kids woke them up early in the morning . they are tired and the kids are moody today .
sheila and barry got together in their 40s and barry had 3 kids already . they don't have their own children , but sheila loves barry's kids and grandkids as if they were hers . aisha is pregnant . they're going to go to the vesuvius and celebrate on sunday around 2 o'clock . aisha will book a table .
summer bought a house in sweden , so she has space to host guests . maya might come in the summer . dylan has lots of work and he doesn't know when he'll have time off .
rob drank about 6 shots , 3 ciders and 7 grolsh beers at the night out with his brother . he bothered kaja with messages at 2am , and she wanted him and his friend to call central cabs and go home .
there's a new season of case de papel .
robert informs julia that he'll be home in about 45 minutes .
rob agrees to work on the logo alex sends to him via email . it's for his friend's new company .
lilly got herself a kitten although she is allergic to cats . the cat is 2 months old . tracy is going to visit them on saturday .
chloe has to stay with kate in the evenings . she will let alex and amanda know if she can make it tonight . amanda is available on tuesday and thursday night .
roy and diego are worried about the high concentration of fine dust . it is hard to see anything clear and even the masks cannot stop the dust . diego suspects that it is related to china's decision to move all production factories near to korea .
adam hasn't bought the tiles yet . he's waiting for a bricklayer , as he doesn't know which mortar to buy .
karl will go with ivan to see king kong in exchange for popcorn .
jere is going to start a new job which she finds boring . she will work in a small office of 3 or 4 people . she thinks her manager is werid as she sits in a room with no light .
mike's birthday is tomorrow . clara thought it was next week . george didn't remember at all . george is going to leave work earlier tomorrow to get the present for mike .
jenny , tom , peter and mary are going to spain for 3 weeks . first they'll visit barcelona and madrid , then sevilla and or granada .
leah and nia used to drink every week but they can't do it any more . nia will send leah a package .
sean's mum was looking for new furniture and found an oldschool workshop . the owner is patrick , whom sean knows from high school . sean asked for a discount .
maks got the movies' tickets for friday , but krystian can't go .
claudia saw martin today . he was walking his dog .
caron has found the beautiful south on her tidal app . the music brought back memories of her and andy's past . caron enjoys tidal . andy is interested in getting the app .
kimberly's plane lands at 11 . 45 pm . dave will pick her up . kimberly and scott will meet tomorrow .
mike lost access to online marketing facebook group . sandra added him . professor nierzwicki is tough on his students . 3 years ago he failed half the class . this year he has a new girlfriend so sandra and mike hope he will be softer .
vegan didn't see the fireworks last night .
chloe came to nice for a conference . alice is in paris until the end of the month .
mark has had a fire in his flat . greg is worried the fire department ruined whatever the fire didn't . allan does not think they had insurance .
they lost 2 goals last night but they scored one . william is disappointed with the team . benjamin is optimistic .
jordan will wear the blouse she got for her birthday , the beige trousers , purple sneakers , the necklace lee gave her for birthday and the small earrings from michelle .
spencer saw a gorgeous girl in the bar yesterday and asked for her number . he's been texting and calling her all day , but she hasn't replied . she gave him a random number .
clarisse wants to discuss the long weekend plans with ian tonight .
jay and susan can't recall the homework for tomorrow's economy class . most probably , the professor wanted the students to read the text she had given them . jay won't read it as he is at a party .
isabella notices emma is online but she has no time now . they will talk in the evening .
a mercy by toni morrison is going to be the next book .
jack will buy bread on jenny's request .
anne thought that susanne would be in essex at the weekend but susanne is going to visit her old aunt then .
john's lost his zippo lighter . nate didn't find it at his place and suggests john to check his pockets which john has already done and was unsuccessful .
abigail is in paris on a conference . she doesn't have much time for sightseeing but she's seen the eiffel tower and the avenue des champs élysées yesterday evening .
rhett wants to make an appointment with dr . king and with the dentist . harriet will check if they can see her this week .
kimberly shares a funny video with peter , kayla , justin and nick .
dorothy is in queens , at woodside station . donald will meet her at queensboro plaza . they will go to central park to meet betty close to jose marti statue in 20 minutes .
heather will go to a cooking class with becky on thursday at 7 pm .
she hired an interior designer . he chose blue and pink . sarah and victoria are secretly texting during the meal and agree the interiors , especially bathroom and bedroom are terrible . the food is with gluten so victoria can't eat it .
peter , jennifer and patricia should leave long before the dusk , so patricia had already started packing . peter and jennifer are coming downstairs to join her .
sylvia went to eva's party , which was much better than she had expected .
peter and andrew are playing billiard today at 6 . eric can't make it .
maddy visited the metropolitan museum yesterday . jaine is very fond of egyptian artefacts . jaine has seen the rosetta stone at the british museum , which she adores . maddy saw an exhibition about the vikings at the british museum . vikings did not wear horns on their helmets .
ayla proposed to spend new years eve in france . ruth and ben like the idea .
someone ate carl's yoghurt again . walter and ricardo don't admit to doing that .
daria can't join lydia and gabi , because she feels sick .
patrick just watched two seasons of lucifer on netflix . matt advises him to watch the third season on amazon prime . patrick doesn't want to install a new app and will wait for netflix release .
the tracks adam sent to zachary are not right in his opinion . sebastian had checked them , but they're incorrect . adam tells zachary to instal a guitarpro and edit it .
ads is going running in 2 minutes . he usually meets daisy in front of her home , but she is currently in paris .
martha made a list of guests for the party . she invited her ex , tom , who treated her badly .
natasha , joseph and hilda will take their mum for a trip to italy as a birthday present .
norma has a new tattoo showing a japanese way of wishing good luck . marston and norma both like it .
miranda went to the movies with todd . lindsey is mad about it , because todd is her ex boyfriend . she wishes miranda had asked her about it . they're meeting for coffee later to talk about it . miranda's paying .
bruno is going to a match with his friends .
gary will give tom the number to the manager on whitby road so he could sell his van there .
bruce will repurpose the chairs that ruby wanted to throw away .
julia will check the subscription payment asap on zoey request .
william is having an interview for a teacher . according to kate , he should be prepared for delivering a short lesson with various activities . gina advises william to prepare a lesson based on theme . oliver says william may be asked about eyfs , child development , school procedures etc .
john most probably won't be working next monday , so he can come to wendy's place sunday evening . wendy can also take monday off in that case .
mandy can't go with karen after class , as she has an oculist appointment .
michelle got an hr job at st . joseph's school in cranleigh . she enjoyed the first term and was able to earn more money by working on some holidays .
mia should join agnes and fran when they go dancing next time .
jack is informing oliver and stanley about stan lee being dead .
clark hasn't seen iron man 2 . he's not a fan of marvel .
bob asked fleur out . fleur wants to wear great clothes for the date . george advises her to be herself .
laza's mother is playing canasta with her friends .
sarah sends peter a link which confirms the existence of gravity waves . they are excited and keep on discussing it .
charles only watched the first five episodes of prison break because he's busy .
moose reminds rory to bring his snickers to their meeting at the field .
natalie is late . jonathan has the keys , he rushes her .
there's a big line to the security control . lilly is worried they won't make it to the gate in time . robert is on his way .
leo and dan will go together to a pub .
patrick asks andy to contact a couple of clients regarding the sale of gemstones . patrick will issue an invoice if no new orders are placed .
bea and ann met at cafe de paris . bea's son , bastien , was invited for lg's birthday and he had a lot of fun .
carlos will be late . the boss will be in at 10 30 . carlos should arrive there until then .
it's raining .
peter and tara will hold a two person department head meeting at 3 . they'll discuss the hoover project . jared will help them to get information on the project , he will also take notes .
rosie , mark and steph are going to meet next saturday to talk about the character creation and mechanics chapters from the 5th edition of the book .
olaf is inviting his friends over for a party at his new house on 8th street 1256 east this friday .
josh is coming back to london . he'll meet with mary at gary's , their favorite pub . maybe john and lucy will join them .
ellie is coming to ladies night . anna and the guys moved to the bar . ellie will join them .
anna got food poisoning after eating chicken last night .
adam and asia went to a concert . olga didn't go as she is back home . olga is not a big fan of his music but regrets not going to the concert . he played mostly his old songs and several new ones . he is 75 . a man came to the concert from japan . he made a joke about it .
edna and kyla are meeting at 7 . 30 pm on the bridge . kyla will call the others to let them know where and when they are meeting .
nell will be at the railway station at 6 34 and justine will pick her up . it is nell's second visit to wroclaw . they are planning to visit the zoo , the parks nearby and the centennial hall .
eva and maggie are going to shop in grocery's store nearby maggie's place . they both dislike the big supermarket and in the small store they will also find what they need .
charlie asks guys present at yesterday's party for help in cleaning up the summer house . daisy , william and freddie will come and help charlie .
andy is going to buy a beige monica 144 sofabed . he will come and collect it later in his chrysler grand voyager . phuti recommends a mechanic for this car , the mechanic is called mr j l b matekone , his workshop is called speedy motors and it's stiuated on the tlokweng road .
jola wants her book 'carpe jugulum' by pratchett back . mary finished reading it and she will bring it to the office tomorrow .
jayden is checking his notifications .
elisabeth is sick on her birthday . anna will get her some cough medication .
the corkscrew is in the upper drawer .
pearl and vince are going to a dance party tonight . pearl and her first husband won a dancing competition in blackpool in 1968 . she will wear the old costume for tonight . vince will dress in an old suit and a patterned tie .
nick will call tim .
mike took the car keys with him in his jacket . mike will send the keys to dina via uber , when she needs them . mike and dina are using their savings this month . dina is angry with mike .
aron , liam and pam are going meet other students from 20 state universities in chicago at a welcome party .
james and william are going to upload the photos and choose a citation .
hannah bought a candle smelling like a christmas tree as it's too early for christmas tree .
philip and chris are waiting for the time when pot is legal in poland . chris doesn't like the way the eu functions .
lorraine'd like to have tomato soup .
eve is ordering a set of wipe pads and a shower glove .
mike , alice and candy agree to meet in granta tonight .
love and jesus were at the awesome party . armstrong missed it .
sharly will collect 1 kg of onion and 0 . 5 kg of cabbage from dan and pay him rs . 20 .
arnold is thinking of going on a trip to st . petersburg .
becky will go to linda's for a hybrid manicure this friday at 5 pm right after work .
anca has never been to canada before , but she'd like to live in montreal after the phd . kamil would love to stay in italy , but it's rather impossible . henning won't mind coming back to germany .
andy is going out for 10 minutes , but he will be back to meet yvonne , who is 5 stops away .
martina is going to a work party . martina sends oliver a photo of herself in a dress , asking whether she looks fat in it . oliver doesn't think that .
diane is having chai love coffe and gluten free bread with vegan cheese . mia is doing shopping and work .
eric is organizing a reunion together with johny , sebastian , andrew and casper today and mike is eager to join them .
jim and nick saw the exhibition about yugoslav architecture in moma . jim finds the exhibition extremely well prepared and presented . jim thinks architecture in skopje could be a good topic for another exhibition .
rory watered andrew's palm .
ciaran and paul discuss a number of appointments . ciaran is going to have a gaming room and paul sheehan recommends world of warships to him .
nina's car has a flat tire . she called her father for help .
caleb asks where he can exchange dollars . martin and ezequiel advise caleb not to do it in florida and in a bank . martin and ezequiel share some legit currency exchange offices .
octavius says that pollyanna will pay up to 100 euros for a haircut in this town . sandra went to a turkish hairdresser last time and she paid him 20 euros .
brad can't wait for the new season of game of thrones . ian claims it has been pushed back to next year .
maria and natalia are going to the museum on friday because it's free then .
pearson got 65 on the econ test . ava got 66 .
olivia just saw the news and was worried . tara and vinnie are fine but his garden is destroyed .
brad will inform matt that maria can't come .
ross doesn't have pictures from the latest event , but emma took some with her phone . emma will e mail the pictures to andrew .
max's dad doesn't smoke anymore . max wants him to stop vaping too .
fin is sitting in a lecture for 2 hours straight . olly and fin will meet afterwards to eat something .
will will take the old laptop of gavin . gavin have a new one .
esme is sleepy because she woke up earlier than dimitri .
laura passed a maths exams mainly because anette helped her to prepare to it . now they are going to work on an art project and they hope maria will join them . anette is going to talk to maria tomorrow morning .
brandon is in sports festival . he thinks is similar to last year's . competitive matches are going to be held next month . riley is a member of the organizing team . they will organise a new match after this week . brandon has a family meeting at his grandma's next week . they may play when he's back .
jonathan finished watching the last season of game of thrones and can't wait for the new one , which premieres in april 2019 according to mick .
aubrey had to quit the new job after 2 weeks due to unreasonable expectations and she doesn't regret it . her mum helped her get a summer job and she'll finish it one week before the end of holiday . aubrey will come over to samantha's summer house for a couple of days .
stanley's going to a family meeting with nancy next saturday . brad's going on a valentine's day date with sue on friday the 15th . sunday also doesn't work for him . they have no idea when they could meet .
glen is going to the beach later . chris will go to sleep soon .
girls are fine . molly's eyes are quite good . sue got the drops from the chemist . jenny was right that there was no need to go to a vet .
pia started reading a horror book called the fisherman . she thinks the translation a bit weak , but still recommends it to stephan . he hates horrors , but she will bring it over to his place anyway .
elisabeth told peter maria cheated on paul and maria is angry about it .
suzy and daryl will go to an exhibit .
daki will send it by avionic post , as requested by viki . it will take around 30 days and the tracking is available online .
alvin will go to the post office and grocery store . he will be home around 6pm .
omiko wants to get her leather gloves cleaned . marika had her leather bag cleaned recently and was happy with it , so omiko would like to use the same service . marika gives her the address but warns her that it might be expensive . omiko is fine with that .
dustin found visiting his relatives pleasurable and will come and visit soon .
jawie was arrested yesterday for driving under the influence of alcohol . he has an alcohol problem .
kevin wants to go to a ski resort with ellen and her friends this february .
ann is having a dentist appointment at 16 15 . tom will go with her .
crockett had to go home because his grandma's sick .
mila is going to play basketball tomorrow at 6 p . m . with jackson and some others .
it is 10 years since michael jackson died . jannette and marie love his music . jannette has all of his albums .
jessica and steve will meet in 2 hours .
ian will write to the election commissioner , bob ridgefield , that there were not enough election machines and lines were too long .
a huge swell is going to hit the beach tomorrow . john has to help his dad to fix a roof in the morning , but he can go surfing at 14 00 . charlie will pick him up . william might come too , if his work allows him . charlie is selling his liquid shreder board . john will try it out , he considers buying it .
susie has written a letter to grandma . mom will mail it for her .
tom won over paul yesterday .
mason needs a european university grant recommendation . lia and peter think denmark is the best , jeff also likes germany . danish universities are free and there are many ways to finance your life there . university locations include i . a . copenhagen and aarhus . mason worries about leaving ny .
jane cannot go to the party until around 9 p . m . and catty is not sure if she will come to the party at all . catty has to go to work at 6 a . m . tomorrow morning and she is afraid that she will stay too long at the party .
fred will keep lina and escobar posted about the delivery arriving so lina shouldn't worry .
dale is going to home depot , because his sink is clogged .
jerry is coming to joe's place .
benedict has opened his second beer . bernard has already arrived . brian will be there in 10 minutes .
anna has invited them for 8 pm to come over for dinner and watch lady bird . liz will come earlier and help prepare the pasta . anna will buy both red and white wine .
pete transfer the money yesterday . kelly doesn't see the money on her account . .
tom will take care of his friends' place in boston in december . dorothy , peter , carmen , laura and grace will join him and they will spend new year's eve there . toby can't come because he is going to barbados with lore , which makes others a bit envious .
josh has not received the letter yet , so on kayla's insistence he will phone and ask them about it tomorrow . kayla's interview is on may 16th .
they were gossiping about michael . he will come to the christmas party . he , richard , monica and sandra will have a before at richard's place .
sylvia held a workshop yesterday . isabella attended the workshop and enjoyed it . isabella send sylvia a photo of an education riddle .
liam got a video from tom . bob finds it funny but justin doesn't like it .
janet missed the bus . susan can't help her , because she's going to work .
eric forgot to tell ross to pick ben up from school . ross will pick ben up .
isabel goes to the gym twice a week . william decides to join her today . he will be ready in 20 minutes . isabel offers to wait .
alexander invites george , ken , kate , iris , becky and eve to go on a fishing tour at 6 a . m . george accepts the proposal , the rest declines .
patricia , ela and tom are going to the lecture tomorrow . they'll take the bus at 7 . 45 as the earlier one is too packed .
jenny hesitates about wearing a green dress to the wedding . jeniffer suggests to jenny to wear a black one .
david and lizzy need to buy a frame for the poster lizzy got from david's sister .
artiom cried last night because of eden .
victoria forgot her umbrella . tyler will pick her up from the bus stop in 20 minutes .
simone will be in italy for more or less the whole month of june .
lena thought about buying lunch boxes . her sister knows a good catering company which provides people with healthy lunchboxes and gives you a choice from 3 options every day . however , lena will try to find time to cook , as she likes to do it , and her husband likes the food made by her .
sophia doesn't want jacob to give her address to ethan . sophia has been looking for her english notebook for two days . jacob will hand it over to her at school tomorrow .
sonia has gotten carried away with her new computer so she wants to find something more simple . christopher will help sonia sell it this year .
lucas does not have to bring anything .
sabrina can't make it to anna's birthday party , because she has to study . instead , sabrina will meet anna next week for a horror movie at the cinema and drinks at the restaurant .
gloria needs sean's car as she cannot start hers .
josh can't have a coffee with sean in the city centre of bologna as he's moved to brussels . sean's going to amsterdam for 2 days and amanda agrees to have a brunch with him at the station at noon .
matt is worried about tomorrow's exam . arthur used last year notes . orpan and arthur advise matt to take a drink and go to bed .
phil thinks nicky spends too much money on clothes she wears once or twice .
clare hates her teacher , mr buchanan . he got divorced this summer . zoe thinks that this made him so unpleasant .
mac took ben's watch because he went out with mandy who likes watches .
fred is looking for some sci fi tv series to watch as he is slightly bored . jessica recommends watching handmaid's tale and suggests a website where it can be found .
rick quit his job . he felt the job didn't offer him any developement perspectives . he got a proposition from another company . chantelle considers changing job too .
something really bad is happening in central london .
daniel has seen a great deal on new iphone . alec isn't interested but jacob is as he has been waiting for a deal .
anna hanged the laundry . mark is going to do laundry himself . he had problems with the washer's settings , so anna helped him .
jane was crying . john will meet her as soon as he can .
ellie's daughter probably has an allergic reaction . they are going to see the doctor .
tess is going to the cinema after school to see the new harry potter . her mother , susan , agrees . josh has seen the movie before but he's going to meet tess for dinner in the afternoon .
pam gave hannah a pad .
mike will start the job roger gave him soon . jeff met the management . they decided to give roger and mike an expert . mike cancelled all the other tasks . in the meantime they need to wait . mike is starting a new job .
victoria wants to recreate melanie's birthday cake .
jose is waiting in front of the capitolio nacional . he and tom will join mary at the garcia marquez cultural centre . jose , mary , tom and hugo will eat dinner at the restaurant bonaparte and have some ice cream later .
jake has booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30 discount .
hailey and caleb will meet to do homework together at caleb's .
patti wants adam to tidy the room upstairs today .
julia recommends maria to listen to joep beving . beatrice agrees he's great .
ken is watching the show . dave went to subway with his mom . he has to read a book .
amanda feels depressed , because she had a miscarriage . greta tried to cheer her up .
amy , helen , oli , deborah and anne want to go to spoons at 5 30 . adrienne will join them later when she's done .
joyce helps don with his browser that does not load .
mona has bought a dress for the party . gioconda and lisa think mona looks great in red . lisa suggests black stilettos as they suit every opportunity .
justin had a busy day in the fields preparing everything for the winter . katie an justin are resting drinking beer . justin and katie are going out this week . justin and katie are going grocery shopping tomorrow evening . justin will call katie after a shower .
damari suggests video games resident evil 7 and battle field 5 for aliana's new pc .
steve will pick jane up at 1 to hang at home . jane wants to invite freddie and lucy over . steve agrees .
maggie and elisa are ordering kfc tonight .
kelly hasn't finished her project yet but chris has .
matthew will pick up lisa and mark at 5 pm .
it's dad's birthday tomorrow . jack will buy the new beatles collection from himself and tommy . diana bought a set of four ties . tommy will come to diana around 5 . 00 5 . 30 . grandma's getting better after the operation . aunt irene's coming do dad's birthday .
hannah will pick one peace lily from kate at green street 15 flat 9 tomorrow at 12 . kate is on maternal and her place is located next to the green smoothie bar .
the coach was unkind for miranda during today's training . he picked at her looks and her body , leaving all the girls shocked .
jake fainted on his way home and he is in the hospital . jason visited him after er called him . jake had some metabolic disorder related with sugar intake and he needs to change his food habits . he will go home in a couple of days after some other check ups .
pearl's favorite doll is the purple one .
daryl is looking for spanish classes in a good price . morgan and james send him some suggestions .
dean's wife is coming home tomorrow after a procedure that cost her 5000 . dean and russel will see each other tonight around 9 for drinks .
kelly doesn't have a coffee machine nor a cafetière to make coffees for tomorrow . instead , she has a choice of instant coffee brands .
jane eyre is madge's favorite movie . agatha and lauren want to watch it with madge . agatha is coming in an hour . lauren will be there in 40 min .
the bank statements attest that she was honest . kaz will bring the documents to his lawyer . they will work on them .
rob , sam , julie , emma and toby will go to the cinema to see venom together .
paul is fine .
jess will meet david downstairs in half an hour after he picks up mum on the way from work .
tara has a powerpoint presentation for 50 slides tomorrow . siobhan jokes it can be boring for the audience , but is sure tara will do great . they will go for drinks after work tomorrow .
the painkillers sara needs are in the kitchen , in the green box on the fridge .
nina will lend a hairdryer to cosima .
kim will be in terry's office in 10 minutes to discuss their presentation .
david and gina will take econ 232 . there will be 2 midterms , but the professor is not that harsh .
adam went to bali . he will bring a mask as a gift for mary . she collects ritual masks from all over the world .
marge returned yesterday . she enjoyed her stay at the resort frankie recommended . frankie will come over in the afternoon to try the new coffee marge got .
anita won't wait any more for andy and drive to a hospital . andy is stuck in a traffic jam at the last bulwell roundabout . they will meet at home .
ryan recommends restaurants in cambridge for jeffrey . jeffrey is leaving today in the evening .
they didn't attend the march on independence day . the march celebrated right wing ideas and could be dangerous .
anny is on holiday and hasn't posted anything on instagram . she will send trevor photos via whatsapp . anny completed a one week thai massage course and will practice on trevor when she needs to .
there are 10 people on the list for extra classes with ms johnson and at least 6 of them come regularly . she still does not know whether she will offer the classes .
amanda will buy a double espresso for chris .
john just had an accident . nav took him to the xyz hospital . david is coming to the hospital .
kate will be at mary's place in 1 hour .
there is no water in the flat as chris reports to anne . anne rents the flat to chris .
patel has a flight at 5 30 am tomorrow . it will be two weeks before susan sees him again .
charlotte and ethan are planing to see this new movie on friday evening .
kate got her college funding .
kate is flying to antwerp and had to get up early to catch the bus to the airport . kate is dissatisfied with cambridge . kate has to see her supervisor on monday .
clara reminds missy that the name of the song they heard on the radio was feel it still .
tom and robert send their condolences to karen on the loss of harry . the service will be in st . thomas's church at 11 am , followed by a memorial service in la tomatina .
helena's studying in edinburgh , while wanda's studying near leeds and working at a petrol station . wanda wants to visit helena next thursday as she has two days off . wanda wants to stay in scotland and become a teacher .
holly is going to the edinburgh comedy festival this summer . ben will tag along with holly . ben will call her later in the week to set up travel arrangements .
mimi and damiano have just arrived and will come over to ellie's at 5 pm . mimi will bring some cookies and piero will fetch some beer . mimi and damiano are staying till christmas . they will discuss their plans for new year's eve tonight .
julia and gail are not addicted to smartphones .
lilly was worried about michelle , because michelle was not returning her calls . lilly forgot that michelle is on a training course this week . she will call lilly after it ends .
ella sent chloe and phoebe a video of a man . he is cute .
monica will contact lisa on 047839898 or will try her whatsapp 44 7709873176 .
luke invites grace to the movies with them tonight . she's been busy but agrees to join . there will be a fancy dress party at luke and carla's about 7 ish . grace will come but has nothing special to wear . luke gives her some advice and they discuss their friends who will dress up as e . g . darth maul .
illa is coming to trek .
it's white outside isaac's window . according to the forecast , it won't snow anymore . it is snowing in lublin right now and isaac hopes it will snow where he is .
matt will be waiting for jane in the lobby tonight at 8 15 p . m . or so . according to the hotel staff , the nearby restaurants are expensive , and it's cold outside , so matt will use google to look for a place to eat .
gloria's car won't start so she needs to take sean's car .
peter is inviting to his place , kenny and john are in . he'll text everyone and see if they want to come . kenny will bring some drinks and they'll have pizza .
dean is feeling sick and the reason can be chinese food from taotao that he had for dinner yesterday .
cher found megan's earphones and gave them to prof . johnson . megan will pick them on monday . harry can't find his earplugs but cher can't help him .
the report is due on 2nd of august . there will be a control visit then , as usual . jane will show them all the projects and choose the right people they will talk to .
mike will stay at henry's place when he's on a business trip to keep betsy company . she has pancreatitis and needs to take her medications every two days .
james is back in the office . he doesn't respond to peter's calls . his phone battery was low , as sally reports .
fiona has changed her haircolor to blonde today .
pauline reserves a table for six tonight at 7 pm at the restaurant .
alexandra is knitting .
don's leaving the hotel and heading home . penny will be back from her sister's before he arrives .
peter wants to play scrabble online with grandpa . grandpa needs peter to set it up next time they see each other so they can play in the future .
bob can't find a parking spot . rip found one in parking b . they will meet in a moment .
olivia's wedding is on 28 june . they have a place organised .
bob and tom are going to a game of thrones premiere party on april 14th . bob will create a facebook event so that they don't forget about it .
mitch and caroline are staying home for valentine's day . caroline enjoyed the dance theatre in malmö .
aurelie will lend jenny a necklace for a wedding .
justin and mac are planning to go to the renaissance festival . they won't tell anybody not to be mocked . they won't wear costumes either .
olive is nagging paul to go to the bank . paul will go when he has the time and he will let olive know how it went .
declan called eliana when he was in the toilet .
yoav and avner share photos of amsterdam with lior .
samuel wants to watch a horror film with evie . she's unavailable tonight and for the whole weekend .
tim saw jennifer's pictures on instagram . jennifer is on maldives . tim did not want to go with her .
tola's aunt is coming for the weekend . tola is looking for restaurant recommendations . agata recommends jas malgosia that serves traditional polish food . pete recommends a pizza house called pepperoni .
susan and alexandra will go out for a beer even though alexandra is on a diet .
mark wants fish and chips for dinner . he will get some lemon for it on his way home .
midge scared him and he escaped . lisa advises her to wait .
mel and chris dream about going to borneo but they can't afford it now .
darcey is finally coming .
tom is still in the shop .
dwayne will help andrew with painting his room on saturday . andrew is going to buy the olive green paints , rollers and brushes in the morning .
luxembourg wants to mine asteroids .
hannah has sent photos of 2 dresses for john's wedding to albie from the shop . albie prefers the pink one .
olivier sends mary the note and a photo for their website . schedule's correct . mary will start signing in tomorrow .
alice and eva will go to the cinema tonight to see the miseducation of cameron post . they will meet in an hour . right now eva is watching a documentary about genetic sexual attraction . eva sends a link to the documentary to alice .
joey had a date with a doctor he was telling rachel about . he is amazed . he will arrange a meeting with her since rachel wants to see her .
elise's brother has a new girlfriend . elise doesn't like her .
andrew and katie are going to stay in tonight .
jackie shows her mum a cute photo .
tessa was 3 weeks in j'burg with her family . they're fine maya makes ends meet , tim earns good salary in germany , anton is a publisher . the grandchildren are wonderful . daria is living a regular life . tessa will pop in on saturday at 11 am .
rose is getting married on 22 of may . he's inviting juan , vincent and anne to his wedidng .
omer got the job . he will be working for donald trump .
lena wants to travel to north korea .
chloe is worried about mark . mark is stressed lately . a lot of people lost their jobs at his work recently . mark works in it .
vicky and jack advice liam on the best eyeshadow palette . vicky prefers anastasia beverly hills , jack's favourite is urban decay .
gordon advises henry to read ibsen .
alex started a new job this week . jack and alex will celebrate this friday .
wes and wendy will eat at pizza hut tonight . they'll meet near the book store .
danie , richard , laura and irene talk about circumstances of getting pregnant .
tracy has to make a donkey outfit for a nativity play at work . rosie gives her sarah's number as she had one .
stacy wants to have a baby turtle .
nelly has a fortieth birthday this summer . sylwia and pamela are planning a girlish weekend for this occasion .
edgar and leo will meet at the party that elisabeth is throwing in edgar's honor .
hilary and brent are out of cat food and have only a little amount of scobs . brent will order it today . hilary will buy a little bit of those thing to have some until the delivery arrives .
brooklyn will introduce christopher to his new trainer tomorrow . the previous one is ill .
evelyn and camber will attend yoga classes . norman and alcott are making fun of them .
maggie has been dating kyle for 3 months . they met online . maggie will come to jessica's and john's place to introduce them to kyle .
gabi saw a man on the subway .
daniel will see ted at home at 7 pm . daniel got 38 points , grade 4 , 2 .
a handsome man was sitting next to claire in the cinema when they were watching gone with the wind .
jack's company gives multisport cards to employees . matt needs one from march . jack doesn't owe a multisport .
lizzy is buying laurie gum and coke .
pieter is going to the polish party . there will be free vodka .
jane let the cat out . pete is very angry .
annie would like to meet up with jesse . jesse is free after her last exam tomorrow .
hugh is cooking for 6 people .
elijah is hoping to catch 7 . 30 bus .
mario , helen , kate , mati , karl , and june are going to have a bbq in helen's garden on 15 september . helen lives in new jersey now , kate in williamsburg , karl in boston and meredith in texas
ben's training to become a professional pilot . roger sells cars and the business is thriving . roger asks ben about his plans for this year's holiday and they agree to go to ibiza together .
nathan will buy some multigrain bread .
a 4 day weekend is coming up . kevin , emma , ben and kelly are looking forward to it .
fabian , max and albert are meeting tomorrow on the match at max's place . fabian and albert will come at 7 . fabian will buy the meat , albert alcohol and max will cook .
charlie is ill . tina will see a doctor tomorrow . sara is visiting tina on thursday .
bojana's son david cries all the time and the other son damir likes drawing automobiles and his family .
matt invited agnes for a date on saturday evening . they are going to georgian restaurant . he's picking her up .
sara will lend kate a charger .
gina doesn't go home for christmas . she will stay and cook . gina will join her . gina will bake a pie .
jane helps will find a place for the christmas party that would satisfy his demanding boss .
kelly's neighbour has been drilling since 7 a . m . she can't work at home . she'll join betty at a coffee shop in regents street in 15 minutes . gerda will join them as well .
chris wants to go to berlin that weekend as there is a black friday deal on concert tickets . noah will let chris know by the end of the day .
lee and jo discuss democracy . jo prefers a republican system , he doesn't agree with the referendum .
tim shows tom and tam his pics of his trip to albania .
barry and henry have their appointment at barry's office on saturday at 8 am .
ann has just come back from her travels . brian bought a camper van and he's going south for a few months . he can stay with ann for a few days if he passes through poland . ann regrets not being able to join him for the trip .
melanie will land at 6 . 45 . the gate was open as expected . ben will be waiting for her .
meagan and tommy will have potatoes and meat balls for lunch .
samantha made a video funny cats compilation 23 you'll die laughing , which supposedly features ben's cat tibbles . as samantha hadn't asked ben for permission to use the image , ben is going to sue her . samantha finds out it isn't ben's cat , but her neighbour's , who gave her the footage .
jack proposed to lorrie during their stay at niagara falls last night . they went there on friday night and got back today . the wedding date is still unknown . jen offers help in the wedding's organization . jen and lorrie will meet around 6 o'clock .
jessie is unpacking at her new flat . she has met her korean flatmate , jee . jee owns a lot of kitchen equipment .
rob forgot about bella's birthday . richie says rob's in trouble .
issac is asking for jayda's forgiveness . he made a mistake .
jacob's coming home and wanted to have a drink , but greg and miles are working tomorrow .
jessica has a boyfriend finally . he is a fireman . monica can't believe it , neither jasmine .
lsd and psilocybin are safer to use than cannabis . marijuana has many positive effects and is pretty safe to use for healthy adults .
tracy is running late to school because of the traffic jam . tracy will see samuel soon .
ben orders a pizza with friends . dorothy wants to join . he needs to order by 12 . 30 . dorothy wants extra cheese .
sarah and alex will grab lunch at 12 to talk and make up .
charlotte has a doctor's appointment on friday morning . she's not sure which doctor will look at her .
adam is moving to a bigger apartment this weekend . he wants todd to borrow a car and help him move . todd is working late on friday . they will meet on saturday at 9am . adam will prepare some stuff earlier .
renee was recorded dancing waltz with her instructor . katie thinks she looks like a professional .
max thinks that waiters waitresses shouldn't be framed by their nationality .
nathan asked jake about new anime titles that would be light , funny and fantasy based . jake recommended him two titles that time i got reincarnated as a slime and zombieland saga .
josephine will bake a duck for tonight's dinner at 7 . 00 with chris and jerry .
nick asks thomas about friday's quiz . it will cover chapters 4 through 6 . nick will contact his peers to get additional materials .
luke is surprised to be so bad at the new game . ryan is always bad at multiplayer games . he doesn't have time to play and instead he chooses real life .
suzi did a great job on her project at work .
susan's mother has a birthday . susan and rachel will go shopping tomorrow to buy her a new coat .
elena will present a paper at the workshop .
it's ollie's birthday today . the party is on friday .
martha can't meet with jonas and kuba today .
anette tried to be a perfect housewife , so she spent the whole weekend cooking .
tina confirm to mike and liza that the yellow underline colour marks the important notes .
ava baked a cake yesterday and now it's in the pantry room , so william will have it together with tasha as they just came back from school .
adam will arrive at euston station at 3pm where he will meet with brett . after eating adam and brett will go for a drink and monica will join them .
rex is stressed about coming out to his mom .
ben walked in the park with his partner and their dogs on saturday morning . the weather is very good . karen is also going to walk in the park .
franklin will join ellie on thanksgiving in minneapolis . ellie and franklin are going to the pub at 6 pm on friday .
marcus will replace adam at quiz which will take place on tuesday at 18 at the new place . the organizer is abigail . it is expected that around 30 people will come . matthew will upload the questions tomorrow . sports will be the main topic .
tim loves anne .
stan doesn't like his neighbor , because he plays loud music , never brings in his bins and lets his dog bark all night .
susan ordered from tesco online and was pleased . paula and alice might try it .
fran will drive to ikea with barbara as barbara wants to buy the breadspread she saw in the catalogue . they will get lunch afterwards .
tim had a fight with tam but she's no longer mad at him .
tim lost his phone .
brooke has just finished reading a book eleven minutes written by coelho . the pilgrim was the first book of this author she has read . brooke cried while reading both of these books . brooke and sheila will meet tomorrow at 6 p . m . brooke will return sheila her book .
tanny spent the weekend with her mum and sisters . the weather was sunny . they ate at a very good thai restaurant in moabi . patty will probably come to berlin in may . patty wants to end the project first . the project is well paid , but patty is frustrated , because the contractors are very undecided .
chris is asking meghan how she feels after her leg operation .
harry is looking for a car dealer . he wants to buy an automatic or a diesel . john can go with him to the car dealer .
aubrey and daniel will try to be home for easter . daniel reconsiders baptism , but he needs to prepare for it . he's the only person in the group who hasn't received baptism yet , other members prepare for confirmation , and daniel feels uncomfortable .
daniel and fred exchanged photos from photo booths . fred has a friend who takes picture of drunk friends .
bob has been waiting for tom in the cold at number 12 but tom went to 22 by mistake .
cayson took a shower , thalia was at the beach .
peter wants to leave in 5 minutes .
sara will buy a cake for nina . nina loves exotic flavours . sara has already contacted the bakery .
vanessa is planning a holiday in august , taylor will be available to back her up . vanessa will discuss with madison tomorrow .
caroline won't be able to move in before easter , as the construction is delayed again .
crosby wants marie to get the rug in the hallway cleaned .
neva's and octavia's train leaves at 5 45 in the morning and neva won't be able to get there that early as she has a party the day before . she says she won't make it , which irritates octavia who will go alone if neva doesn't show up .
kasia , kim and miles are in a group with the people from connecticut .
annie and lisa will go shopping together on friday .
the plant which chloe gave to daniel has died . he remembered to water it so it maybe it had too little sunshine .
gerry will buy a salmon with lemon for ute and a soup for himself at extra food .
coleman and eli are enjoying their christmas , alice is not sure .
sam and vicky don't find the atmosphere at the office good . vicky wants to change her job and she thinks about journalism .
rosaline is angry with bennie , because he's showing interest and ignoring her alternately . rosaline doesn't know if he's interested , but she's afraid of taking the first step .
caron was at a cruise . she , mum and jennie are interested in iona 2020 . dee fallows booked it for 20th june 2020 , and caron did too .
mike needs an additional bike for his cousin for the weekend . jesus will give him his own bike .
ruby sent lisa a recipe for chipotle chicken fajitas .
artur is happy that the 12th is off . zbigniew has his birthday on the 11th . damian suggests they go to the march and then meet at zbigniew's .
tom is looking for something to wear for kate's wedding as he is the best man . melania and lisa are going shopping with him on saturday .
dave is going to pick up eric at 6 pm . they're going to see a new european movie called the man that jack built .
tom , peter and chris are having pizza tonight . tom's too tired to cook .
emilia is disappointed with darren's behavior . he got drunk while pete was left with him .
zoe and tim are going to pam's at 8 . they will have some beers and order a pizza .
ted's not been attending the school for two months now . he has a meeting with school counselor tomorrow between 1 and 3 pm . he will also meet with ted and emma to receive some documents .
alan is going to be 15 minutes late for the tennis club .
sally is asking questions and finds out that rose has kissed derrick and likes the whole package about him .
marry is joining kayle and others at the pub tonight .
mark's not returning chloe's phone calls . he's trekking in the mountains , as rory said .
wilkes wants to go to jordan as his girlfriend found cheap flights . peyton will give him pete's number as he wants to talk to him about it .
deborah , alison , noah and mandy are going to meet .
ted was supposed to take care of dot's cats until the end of next month , but has second thoughts about it . dot's grandmother will take the cats . dot's car is broken . jimmy will drive dot and the cats to dot's grandmother on wednesday .
carol wants eve to go swimming with her . eve refuses .
noelle's having salmon with vegetables .
rita knows roger is on a train home now and christa will phone them in the evening .
jeff needs to print his essay , but he has never printed anything on campus before . ann and danny explain to jeff that getting permission to print is a long and daunting process . ann , danny and jeff are meeting tomorrow in class .
may will lend her car to finn to drive to the concert . she will ask a colleague to cover for her on friday .
donald asks karen in a straighforward way to date him , she refuses and then he threatens her and she suggests she can sue him .
martin kelly sends patrick smith a handout for tomorrow . patrick smith will read the english review .
lianne , nancy , pamela and zaz are doing secret santa this year . the limit is 15 and zaz will bake something , as she can't afford to buy a gift . pamela will create a poll to set the date .
meg was called to give evidence at the police station . the case is against her ex boss from school . she will talk to adam about this beforehand .
olga and kari will do shopping in the new mall .
marianne and louis are staying here from 5 to 7 days .
helen is in eco shop and wants to buy cookies for tom's mum . mum's allergic to nuts , lactose and some seeds . tom wants helen to buy oreo cookies .
ivy and uma are both presenting at ecology101 on tuesday .
americus got scared of a man behind him who was making strange noises . it turned out he was cleaning his glasses .
rick will send matt the panama papers over email .
martha is looking for a new job . she only started her current job 3 months ago , but she's very bored already .
owen is considering a job offer in berlin . dylan and nathan would go for it . dylan moved 4 times already . owen is having a call tomorrow and will let them know .
somebody will come help ben on tuesday . aaron will write down the alarm code for ben .
burt rewatched avatar and enjoyed it very much . joe likes the visuals of the movie but not the story .
clare has birthday today .
dave woke up before the alarm and forced himself to go to the gym . both dave and amy slept well . sanjeev is the center of attention .
lisa is going shopping with her mother . she doesn't enjoy it .
ava and noah will visit michelle who had an accident while playing football . as they cannot use any car , they have to use public transport .
lindsay wants to take her dad's car to go to town . he doesn't believe that she will be alone .
leah and rebekah got gifts for mom . kristie will probably buy some jewelry through the app .
in order to get to a new skatepark helen needs to take bus 412 .
denise kissed paul .
erin picked sam from school . he was late yesterday , because there was heavy traffic . erin can't find sam's biology book . it's in james's apartment .
helga needs to leave the office now . mark is ok with it .
daniel gives samuel a recipe for weed muffins and asks for some .
ron was drunk texting to dorothy . he wrote a poem and recorded himself singing the bad touch . as a revenge , he's not supposed to text her .
jasmine and bobby are viewing a 3 bedroom terraced house in the afternoon .
lydia and peter will meet for coffee about 8 tomorrow . they haven't talked for months because they needed a break .
james sent angie a file on her birthday . angie is happy . she thought he had forgotten about it .
lydia is planning to buy a backpack for laptop . she's considering vans .
angel has got a job at the bookstore on the campus . she will meet anna later on the campus to talk about it .
stanley is very enthusiastic because the weekend begins . marie doesn't share the enthusiasm as she has to work all the weekend . stanley isn't going to do anything at the weekend .
amelia recommends pinterest to sarah , that already knows it . her sister uses it . sarah will have a try with pinterest .
tom and amanda compliment the video with birthday wishes that lucas dedicated to trudy on her birthday .
patrick has finished watching tbbt and is looking for something to watch . louise liked the scrubs series and it was hard for her when it finished . patrick doesn't like medical shows .
ola and jody are tired . they need to upload files to the server . sam wants to go for a walk with jody and ola . he is waiting in the hall downstairs .
pam takes pet's order for white wine and sparkling wine six bottles each . pet won't be able to attend the degustation on the weekend , but will come to pick the wine up on friday at 8 pm .
travis and patricia will be in the pub around 6 . 30 . andrew will come earlier .
lola broke up with samantha . nathan is coming over to lola with wine .
mum proposed no christmas gifts policy , as mary reports . julia , patrick and susan don't agree , because it would be too sad for the children .
lilah will pick up pedro from his house in 10 minutes and they'll go to the teacher who needs help as his wife is sick .
rihanna invites kylie and belinda to go to a beyonce concert with her . kylie will think about it . belinda won't go as the tickets are too expensive .
alvin will take care of brittney's kids tomorrow afternoon . she will get them ready by 4 pm . brittney will go to the party on friday with alvin .
peter has not done his math homework yet . tori encourages his to do it because it will help him prepare for his exams .
the washing machine is down . james will text mum about it .
tamira and shelley disapprove of blessidy's outfit and make up . ru paul's drag race is on on sunday .
rebecca will text dad when she arrives .
office rumor has it that juliette is pregnant with tommy .
bruno and adam love the game with the young outstanding player . they hope he won't loose his focus .
fylis is home already .
kate will substitute on tuesday afternoon . in may she will join a 4 day school trip .
ilona has danced with a man named alvaro .
jay prefers nicki minaj to cardi b . trevor thinks that cardi b is better .
silvia will let lonyo know what time to pick her up from the party tonight .
oliver's going to watch a film , oscar has seen it already , but will join oliver in an hour to watch it again .
oscar has a language school and needs to hire a german teacher . emma's sister speaks german , but she is not interested in this job offer as she has recently given birth . she has a friend to recommend . referred girl is interested and will speak with oscar on her own .
abigail is pregnant . the church may force her father out of his position as a pastor because of it . abigail's baby's father is trevor . trevor wants to marry abigail . trevor won't go to college and his father will give him a job at his construction company . abigail's mom earns well as a bookkeeper .
mary started baking and she needs sugar . she will come to lorenzo in 5 minutes to borrow some .
tony and lisa were supposed to meet tomorrow at 7 , but he will have to stay longer at work due to a project he's finishing . they decide to meet at 8 .
arnold and bruce will go to a pub .
james and mary will have fried shrimp for dinner . mary is fed up with it but james loves it and does not mind eating it often .
mira recommends ellen the movie thor ragnarok .
anton and conrad are surprised by seb cooking .
adam will visit his mother mary on sunday . they will have a glass of wine and talk about her life .
tom's going to visit konrad . it's tom's first trip and he's nervous . konrad lives 5 minutes by car from the city . tom has no allergies and he would like something casual for dinner , like chicken , potatoes and salad . they will rent a hall and play volleyball , so tom should take some sports clothes .
olivia wants to see the exhibition downstairs . jennifer and nicole find it very boring , so they skipped it and are now in the exhibition in the second floor .
sarah forgot about the cinema again . victoria and beatrice hope she can still make it . sarah won't make it as her parents are here .
tom shouldn't wait for maya as she's drinking beer with her friends .
brittany is mad at gaby . gaby wants to meet up and talk about the issue but brittany doesn't want to .
tim found out from sarah that benny left 5 mins ago .
trent has seen the video before . jake's little brother matt showed the video to him . jake will be playing cod tonight . trent is studying for exam tomorrow and he can't visit jake . they will meet at school tomorrow .
anna and luna are going shopping today .
abigail and susan both like simone de beauvoir's books .
kathy bought a sweater . james seems not to like it very much .
ben , noah and josh are reluctant to go to the uk if brexit comes into effect , they prefer to stay in gibraltar even if things get worst there . ben , josh and noah are frustrated to leave the eu as it has had a positive impact on gibraltar .
there is mould on the wall over the window . austin will call in a professional to sort it out .
zachary wants to invite john and sophia for the evening , but kelly is not feeling well and wants to spend the evening in bed . they will see them some other time .
paul gibson will meet filip in w5 after 5 . they will walk back to belfast . lynne offered to get food for dinner , but filip is eating in town today .
idea bank has a good offer of an account with cashback up to 50 pounds per month .
john might be changing departments and later on be fired . paula and david sympathize with him . they like working with john .
unlike harry , rob is excited about the game of thrones season finale coming in april .
alan lost his bicycle pump . mayrose hasn't seen it . alan could've lent it to bill . mayrose won't ask bill about alan's pump .
rachel and donna talk about their sons' grades . oliver got straight as , jay's bs , he's got into a course but not into the best uni . donna argues rachel should push him more like she does oliver . rachel gets angry at donna for belittling her son .
mom's scissors for the cat's claws have arrived today .
tom has just finished reading his last murakami's book and needs something new . gabriela recommends clezio to him . he's a french author born in mauritius . he received a nobel prize a few years ago . gabriela recommends the books the african and ritournelle de la faim .
alan is frustrated because gina rejects his feelings for her . his persistence annoys gina , who suspects alan is drunk again .
laura just moved and angela wants her to meet with her italian friend in york .
ethan is considering a trip to israel . people say the country is unsafe , but ethan should disregard this . david encourages ethan to see jerusalem , tel aviv and maybe haifa . in palestine , david recommends hebron and betlehem .
al will write up some sheets for john . al wants to start trying for a baby soon but he needs a secure job first . john will support al in renewing his contract after easter . al will see john at the staff meeting tomorrow .
later ian is going to tell eva and their dad someting .
edward's plane has landed . he is coming back in 2 days .
emily's plane was delayed for an hour . she's now on board .
alex is curious if leona called sam back . she hasn't yet . maya wants to know when they start on monday , but sam doesn't know .
there's an event next weekend .
andy sends jackson some photos from last night .
paul is moving to new york to work there as a teacher . paul is preoccupied with packing and looking for a flat .
after watching a tv show , riley wondered if a partner's appearance is important . timothy claims that it is .
emma is freaking out about her flight to san francisco tomorrow . julie is trying to reassure her .
josh thinks the name dua lipa is weird .
irene's cat went missing . tania's mate agatha put a photo of a cat on her wall , but it's not irene's .
norma , lenny and jackie are meeting tonight for a pint around 6 . 30 .
sandy , wendy and cindy are not working tomorrow as it's the independence day .
donald and dorothy won't make it on time . donald will call mrs collins to inform they will be late to the parents' meeting .
mommy is probably going to win the election in the first round and keep her seat , which is good .
pat handed in her work with her final test to tom yesterday . pat will check them this week . pat will contact viola in two weeks .
lilyana did her nails herself . hallie likes them . she offered to do hallie's nails for her . lilyana looked for inspiration on pinterest and instargam .
kelly and claudia are going to watch johnny english . kelly will meet claudia at cloverdale mall at 5 so they can eat something first . claudia is taking the bus .
richard wants johnson to get back home asap . johnson is on his way back home . richard got a call from johnson's headmaster . johnson's headmaster isn't satisfied with his performance and behaviour . johnson has tried to improve his results and behaviour . johnson will be home in 5 minutes .
hollie's mad at helga who came to her house and criticised her cooking in armenian , which she thought hollie doesn't understand .
eric shares a video with rob . rob likes it very much .
monica wants to give away the clothes she no longer wears . sarah suggests putting them into a bin at the shopping mall near monica's house .
nikki shares the pictures of her children's first day at school . nell and nikki agree to facetime tomorrow afternoon .
jantje plans to go to alice springs , melbourne , kings canyon , uluru , grampians national park , great ocean road and the blue mountains . they want to see as much as possible . oscar would like to go to the cook islands .
tom is against going to the gym with maurice and erica tonight .
it's bernadette's birthday . ari wished her all the best and complemented on her family . bernadette has two daughters aged 6 and 3 . 5 and ari has sons aged 15 .
katie is choosing what to wear for her date with tim .
harry's teacher called benjamin telling him harry is sick . emilia will go and pick up harry . emilia will call benjamin when she gets there .
abel sent a video and a photo of little simon .
dorothy wants patty to join them tomorrow . patty refuses as she is alone with charlie . patty is going to let dorothy know if she changes her mind .
jay will be home at around 6pm .
anna had a date with jim last night . they got to know each other at the gym .
they got caught and blacklisted after at attempt to cheat at craps in a las vegas casino .
harry's favourite harry potter's books are the 1st and the 7th ones . when it comes to the movies , he prefers the 1st part of the 7th movie .
john and wayne are meeting tonight at 6 at simmers for a beer and roasted meat .
liz left a mess in her dad's car again . kraig wants his daughter to clean up the mess tonight , because he has an important meetig tomorrow . liz is at jennie's , but she will be back in half an hour to clean the car .
jimmy asked max if he could borrow his car but max refused .
stef arranged an appointment with dr k for monday the 15th at 11pm .
judy wants to know what john's last message to anne might mean . anne wants judy to stop reading her messages .
lulu still hasn't get paid for her last gig and asks imogen to lend her 100 . he's got only 40 and will lend them to lulu .
jenny and james plan to see bohemian rhapsody at 3 15 pm tomorrow . john isn't interested in it .
derek and patricia will wait for the call another half an hour .
julian has photographed a fox in his backyard and is slightly concerned that they might be dangerous .
david and elizabeth are watching the new episode of 'the good doctor' on channel 8 .
dad and ann went shopping .
lisa's stuck at work . eric will pick her up and they will go to eric's brother's birthday party together even if they're late .
ellen can't go to the movies tonight .
olivia will call her mother . olivia will prepare some baked pasta and buy a cake . paul will bring two bottles of red wine . joanne will bring some rocket . they're meeting at 3 p . m .
zoli wants to ask a request of jess . jess is on vacation until the 27th .
suzie will probably get her course schedule for the next month next week , so it's only then she can talk dates with nancy .
irene will text michael back in an hour . irene played the city of kings game once .
liam's mom got tickets to fantastic beasts the crimes of grindelwald screening tonight at 6 pm . liam will pick ava up and they'll see the movie together .
danny will buy some milk . jenny and danny's kids are sick . danny will be home in 2 hours .
bob is in room of crown at his college . he will meet with tom later .
jonathan and his band are playing a concert thursday night . jonathan invites his friends . some of them will come to see the show . the entry fee is 5 .
jabari can't visit josi on teacher's day , because of work .
erin doesn't have any plans for the new year's eve . dora invited her to go out with her on that night .
john and graham will eat together in 5 minutes .
hugh came to the restaurant to meet the owner his childhood friend . emma wants to ask him about hugh tomorrow .
mark and mary will send their wedding photos by next tuesday . clarisse wants to see if she has any photos with nate , an attractive guy she danced with .
joe forgot his password to lms , so he cannot download an assignment file that the professor uploaded . megan sent him this file , but joe still needs to contact erp office and ask for the retrieval .
amanda is already in front of the restaurant . micky is still in the car , he will be there in 5 minutes .
sara thinks it looks good and asks nadia to choose .
harry found his lost leather glove .
ivy called her semester off because of the lack of fees .
casey is running late for harry's orientation class and logan will cover for him . harry's new teacher is an attractive woman . logan wants casey to ask her out .
peter asks kate and jim what they think of him .
noah refuses to discuss his last night's inappropriate behaviour with mia .
alfonso answered correctly on 20 out of 24 questions from today's test . ethan is pleased with this and advises alfonso to focus on matrix rather than ordinary logarithms . alfonso and ethan will meet on friday .
the department got 1000000 for the india project , as leo reports .
martha bought a green dress in reserved .
peter and amy gossip about amy's colleague who has been fired .
terry had an accident and nobody helped him .
peter , tina , thomas , helen , annette , amy , and olivier are in the uk . they will meet tomorrow for drinks in spoons . amy will be there half fiveish , peter around 6 , annette at 5 . 30 . clare is in ghana . tomas is leaving for russia on sunday .
ashley is making casper a coffee .
darwin uses samsung note 8 . he sold his last phone . barbara will sell her phone too . she uses oppo a37 . darwin will ask his brother to help her .
jill likes conor wassmussen .
hersala spent 40 dollars for pork , which worries her because there is a fixed budget for groceries . the prices have risen because of a pig disease . vegetables are also getting more expensive .
the pizza for monroe left by her mother is in the freezer , in the right corner under strawberries . there's spinach on it . monroe considers the pizza ruined .
mickey and alex argue very often and they have just had another fight . greg and mickey are going out tonight . every time greg and mickey go out in these circumstances mickey eventually calls alex to apologize just like he did last friday .
mary jones is a us citizen . she would like to open a bank account in germany .
carson is watching canucks game and is inviting keenan to come join him during the break . carson also wants to watch maple leafs vs . la kings as it is rare . they will be watching games all day and have other friends come over too .
martha is going to help donna with this after 2pm as she is in a meeting .
tom has read the harry potter books twice . he was 25 when he started the first book . tom has a dentist appointment at 6 on saturday . tom and jim will meet at 7 30 at the new burger place . they will then go to the cinema to see aquaman at 8 30 pm .
donald doesn't believe scofield that mike was not at home .
marcus will ask the professor to start a half an hour later tomorrow .
john called a girl again even though he promised nina he wouldn't do it .
helen , laura and marcela will meet at the university next week . they graduated 2 years ago .
don will be home around 8 .
cindy doesn't know how to put together the ikea pax wardrobe . chris and meghan will help cindy tomorrow .
oj and benjamin are going to walmart in an hour .
jayden and edward are being noisy at 2 a . m . edward will try to keep it down .
sammie is running out of money and she wants to move to berlin for work . mona will contact her best friend , who lives in berlin , asking for a room to rent . her friend is moving out of a room in december and sammie could potentially take it .
the caterer won't be available on the second day . hunter will contact sam . maya will talk to the caterers .
irene enjoys a book titled history of great the mountaineering adventures . she wants to lend this book to ralph .
pat thinks the third invitation is the best because the font is traditional , but the design and layout are modern .
anna usually drinks or does nothing to get rid of stress , whereas martha meditates and does sports . martha is worried about anna , because she drinks wine after work everyday to relax .
caro and timothy are in valladolid . they visited one of the maya temples . they're having a great time .
linda hasn't checked the new schedule . she's got the morning shift . she's still in las vegas . oscar will take the shift for her .
ali , patty and jim are talking about the election which might have been rigged .
rose marie can't sleep and she woke up jock .
dylan watched a few owl matches . he's not impressed , because the production value dropped . evan wants to catch a few streams this weekend . there are 4 matches each day . the viewership fluctuates around 200000 people on twitch .
george will wait for martin and paula at amy's .
katherine forgot the money . she's coming back to ron .
hunter is a bit better now , but rowan and peter still don't feel well after drinking vodka .
fiona left her keys on te couch . sam will leave them for her in the porch , which he finds not safe , but she just wants to get in when she finishes work .
tony didn't like the little drummer girl .
mandy has been trying to call welden . billy in on his way back home and will bring welden along .
chris's client was at the office when he was home with his cell dead . he wanted to talk to chris right now . don doesn't want to talk to chris's clients .
bobo and sisi are learning together .
rico's looking for a name for her .
nora and adam are discussing a new song nora found recently .
linda isn't sure if she unplugged the iron . she can't leave the meeting to check . jeff is near the house and he would see the smoke if there was a fire .
marta and emily will meet in 5 minutes . tomorrow they will meet at 2 30 pm .
ella considers dyi products better for sensitive skin . she makes body and facial scrub , facial wash and mask , toner and lip balm . sam makes eye cream , moisturizer and serum . according to janet , it takes time to prepare dyi cosmetics and they don't last long .
gina's printer doesn't work . miro will print a file , and he will bring two copies of it to gina tonight .
paula's presentation is almost done and will be ready within the next 10 minutes . paula added a chart and deleted a graph both at michael's request . the client will come soon . paula and michael will meet in the conference room .
it's friday . ryan will come to claire's place at 8 and will bring alcohol . claire will call her friends to join . claire wants to go to a new club downtown called vinyl .
they are getting a divorce , as suzie said .
jack has a brother that resembles him a lot . brian saw him at soccer tryouts today . brian and jack have known each other for 5 months .
it felt like spring yesterday , but now there's a lot of snow . michael and christina want the days to be longer already . michael is more productive when the day is longer .
mary's bought something nice today .
harry tells sally she has the prettiest eyes he has ever seen . they recollect their journey to venice , a gondola ride on the grand canal , a policeman and ice cream in a little street . harry asks sally to merry him .
isabella suggests freddy as help for ingrid's german .
mindy will meet mabel around 7 30 before the birthday party .
terry and gina are getting a divorce . they have been advised by their lawyer not to contact in writing . louis , jane and may will contact them through separate conversations .
meg and thom are going to the gym at 7 pm and want liz to join them .
john needs a dentist . patricia and jenniffer cannot recommend anyone so he will search on the internet .
everyone's bringing one or two dishes on saturday , jill forgot about it . she'll bring nutella cupcakes .
harrison lives in berlin now and he's been busy at work lately . robert setlled in sevilla and madeline in edinburgh . madeline lost her job and she is a housewife now . she will talk to her husband , tom , about going to sevilla with kids to meet robert and harrison .
debra bought some beer for alex .
jensen and lindsay had their last game .
ben and ron are going to leave tomorrow around fivish , sixish .
gianna will send thomas ethan's number .
sylvia won't go to the pub with tsar tonight as she's not in the mood . she'd rather stay at home .
james thinks that passages from a 3000 year old book could be used to describe tinder dating . maria advises him to stop dating tinder girls .
maxi got stuck in a traffic jam on washington ave because of a car accident . he'll be late for the evening at bolton's . he'll give thomas a lift .
bus is going to arrive at 8 . 45 .
joni had a nice time at the budapest festival orchestra concert , which michelle had told her about . joni went to the concert with her friend , who's a great fan of the orchestra . they sat in the back of the venue , but that wasn't a problem thanks to exceptional acoustics .
kevin failed his exams this semester because he had more interesting things to do . lucas is shocked and calls him a pillock .
lisa finds a topic problematic and would like ellie to explain it to her . ellie will come to lisa at 5 today to study with her .
lidia , meryl and kim will meet for dinner tonight . kim will call don fefe .
boris and radek want to invite all to the party . piotr will be working but gabriel will drop by . ozan will be away for the weekend . luke wants to bring a friend .
jenny is cooking ham , eggs and chips for tea . caron will join her . caron has been working hard today , but she's still in her pyjamas .
lynn decides not to serve seafood for starters at christmas as many people don't like . she'll prepare bread things with tomato and basil and some sausages .
linda has to write a paper about les misérables for tomorrow .
pete will pick irene up from train station tomorrow morning at 17 10 .
lena cannot sleep and want to talk with gary on skype . gary is at home and is logged as hidden on skype .
terry has a suggestion for his birthday gift , but henry already had a different idea . he will let terry choose .
ben slept very well . portia woke up once or twice .
lee will stop by mom's to pick up a suitcase . she needs to go shopping and pack soon .
lucy has just won 2 ticket to an ed sheeran concert is going to go with nicole .
andy will give back 10 euros to brian tomorrow .
amelia , sue and peter went to a restaurant . the place was recommended by the browns . peter felt dizzy for a moment , but after he got back home he was already feeling better .
adam and rosie wish themselves all the best in new year's day .
there are enough tables where delana can plug her laptop in . the shake of the day is with pineapple and cranberries .
victoria's going to buy groceries . toby doesn't need anything .
hailey will arrive around 3 on sunday and will bring the organic shampoo .
janny can't meet pipa as janny has a lot of work with the photos he edited last night . pipa suggests that janny changes his job but it's not easy . he promises to come to pippa if possible .
dennis' phone battery is very low . maggie will bring dennis' power bank with her .
ben apologises to anne for being rude to her at the library . they will meet at the coffee shop next to the library at 4 and will have a coffee together .
amanda tells bran to take the lunch box from the fridge , even though bran would rather buy his lunch at school .
kate has just seen the film 'blood diamond' .
bret is going to his mother today . ang went to manchester for a barbeque tonight . she will see bohemian rhapsody tomorrow .
bella , michael and christian will meet together after a long break .
tim's having trouble with his lower jaw and left ear . it's probably the wisdom tooth . he will wait for the appointment till monday or go to the emergency if it gets worse .
stephen and stephania are going to work on a project tonight . camilla is upset with her brother .
gabriel is thinking about getting a job for the summer , and randy will start looking for a job today .
an incel from california shot people at school . the incel community is growing . homer didn't know much about the culture of incels .
mohammad and silvia's daughter , mary , skipped school again . it is the fourth time this month but mohammad only knew about three of them . he is upset with his wife not telling him and not working . silvia takes care of their three children and is a housewife . mohammad works too much .
lynn is wondering why men are so interested in fishing .
ken and thomas are going for a trip with ken . ken will come for philip in 20 minutes .
natasha doesn't need to make a test for the students , as richard is making one next wednesday . natasha and richard have different opinions about the two groups .
anna will e mail ula the lease renewal agreement . anna will call the building's manager to address ula's problem with the front door .
jeff , sarah , charlie and brandon change their nicknames to animals . charlie didn't have permission to change ms . thomson's nickname . megan gave him permission .
marzena is coming to london for a week in february . she's going to meet jeff and tony there .
philip bought new shoes and had his hair cut . monica likes the way he looks .
christa is in the karrs garage . she will visit molly in 20 minutes .
laura will visit her parents next saturday , her mum got her a birthday gift and keith will cook lasagne for her .
nancy has just posted a new video on her channel . it is about a new primer and her day . nancy thinks the video is really good .
joziah is dissatisfied with how a photo turned out and wants a different one . abrielle is going to sunbathe .
chloe and zoe are going shopping on friday in search of birthday present for mila .
amy accidentally destroyed her new macbook .
chris doesn't know what embarquement means . chris can't find a person who speaks english where he is .
emma is having a job interview . she hasn't worked for 9 years .
mag will email vicky the forms . vicky will return them tomorrow morning .
tracy wants some crackers from tim from moscow .
lia , teddy , ann and kai will go for dinner at columbia plaza at 7 . 30 pm today .
jesse is late , she will be at work in 1 hour . yesterday olivia told everybody to be on time today . jesse is on train . the track is blocked because of a suicide .
zayden wants to borrow a keyboard from kailee in order to check if there's a problem with his keyboard or the computer itself .
louise and pete booked the village hall for lara's 18th birthday . they left her there with guests , who devastated the place and got crazy . pete came back at 11 , stopped the party , and punished lara . she didn't apologize .
anna will be late . don and the others will start warm up and jogging towards the lake without her . she's coming on a bicycle and is already warmed up .
jordan will buy 5 train tickets for 9am . he , amy , peter , andy and patrice are going to the festival .
mark sent matther a photo .
kento's mom is coming to town for a week . kento will show her around the city .
ricky had a hard time on the cruise ship because of bad weather . the next day was good , but sightseeing was hard because of the heat .
abigail and brittany will go to the beach this weekend , if the weather stays nice . they will meet on saturday at 9 30 . there's going to be a music festival on the beach on saturday .
maddie and luke want their friends to join them at all you can eat pizza at the bakery around 6 pm . ben , frankie , anna , george , and sarah will come . eve will be late and needs them to save two places for her and matt .
seth and ian have a problem with getting their delivery as the roads are closed after 8 am . ian will contact the surrounding restaurants .
lindsay hasn't been feeling healthy lately , so she started working out , and she hopes to see the results soon . she gets support from luke , keegan and meghan .
kyle and quinn are meeting today around 6 . 30 outside of the club . they are going to drink vodka and smoke cigarettes .
pete has seen the latest episode of true detective . frank will watch it tomorrow morning before gym . season 2 sucked , but this season is really good .
sienna will lend chloe one of her dresses for the job interview tomorrow .
it's 2 . 30 . steve is at the pub . karen wants steve to stop drinking and come home . karen will call for a taxi for rob . steve will walk home .
sonia will visit her brother on christmas eve . chris will spend it at his mother's and will come back the day after . they both love christmas , but both find it tiresome to spend too much time with their families . chris invites sonia to the new year's eve party at devinci's . sonia accepts .
leo is fed up with his kids . olie suggests having a drink and to talk .
neil and saoirse are meeting for breakfast tomorrow . neil will pick saoirse up at 9 00 .
fisher has been doing his job for 5 years . zuri will apply when there are vacancies in the company .
jack and tom have rented a car for 7 days from the orlando company . mary and her companion want to do the same .
jon is organizing his first christmas eve .
jessica is looking for a flat while sergio's friend is letting out his apartment . sergio will ask for more info , and lets her know that she can always live with him for a bit .
juliet cannot find the book she lent to someone . jeffrey doesn't have it .
all smokers in the office couldn't smoke at the back of the property because of the combustion fault in the boiler . until it's repaired there will be no hot water or heating at the office . julie doesn't know yet because she didn't answer the phone .
javier and paul have both finished their lines of code . javier and sergio will meet in the library soon to start making the base of the program .
monica expects richard to go to the museum with her and susan . richard already has plans with his friends and he suggests monica to have his friend from work joining her and susan . monica agrees to have richard's friend from work joining to go to the museum .
mia , lene , terry and peter are planning to raise some money for this family . it is necessary to register an organization to be able to raise money , as mia points out .
sven is buying tickets now for the wedding . he'll stay from friday to monday . caroline is paying for the hotel .
arabella is joining a gym and signing up for boot camp .
adam , nina's brother , invites nina for a get together lunch with jill on sunday , while she's feeding peter . she agrees .
ives wants to go to the toilet but doesn't know how to ask the teacher .
oliver is calling to paula as she needs to talk to him .
what storm and patte liked the most about the ceremony was president marcon's speech . laura's favourite moment was musical performances . denis liked the view from the arc down the champs . destiny , angie and larry stand for peaceful solutions . larry and kafuka are against us military actions .
both mary and paul were in cracow last week but didn't meet . paul stayed at the swing hostel , far from the centre , but he travelled cheap by uber . mary stayed at a hostel near the centre . paul is ok with his girlfriend . mary wants to get married , but it's too early to decide .
ezra wants to start up a pub . mila wonders what the steps are .
mary won't join clair at the beach party today since she's not feeling well .
zack downloaded pubg on his mobile , but it's saying error during the installation . he'll come over to andrea's house so she can fix it .
claire will get 6 7 packs of smoked salmon in lidl for james . she will leave it in the fridge at work tomorrow morning .
pam gets help from sam and pat .
amanda , celine , robert and nick have the biology test next tuesday . nick will study just one day before and amanda wonders how come he always gets an a .
matt sent robert an article about wwii , pacific campaign . robert will look at it when he will have more time .
sally is busy at work . beth suggests that sally and jake could come home early for christmas eve . jake thinks it's a good idea .
emma will join derek on a project . he translated a medical text from danish and her job will be to edit it .
caroline isn't going to the pub with nala tonight , because peter will probably be there . she doesn't want to see him .
paula is considering breaking up with jack . trudy and olivia agree on that . jack is living at paula's cost and doesn't do anything .
doris and maisie are not experts at computer stuff . they are going out tomorrow . maisie is looking forward to it . they are meeting at 10 outside the church .
linda's parcel arrived . it's on her desk .
cinna suggests going to the theatre , but katniss refuses .
karen can't go with adam to jason derulo's concert this friday , as it's her mother's birthday .
mike has bought a new snowboard .
the last puppy for show was born on 11 may 2018 . it's of an apricot colour . there were 4 puppies in the litter , their parents are registered and were shown before . their numbers are mum 56566631 58 , dad 56566547 97 .
jonathan , julie , chloe and keith are going to josh tonight .
laura checked in by using airbnb service . ann will be there soon .
michael reminds hallie about her appointment .
temple , pollard and chadwick agree on playing tomorrow at 8 pm .
natalia met sacha at the airport . julia is still in the uk and will be back for holidays . natalia is going to barcelona for two days but she wants to meet julia for lunch next week .
karen's cat has cancer . whiskers will be treated .
lisa is going to the beach tomorrow . jay likes it .
michael wants to celebrate passing all the exams . jenny , molly , tom and jeff are in . petra will come too , even though she still has some exams to pass . they are going to meet at starbucks at 8 . molly will be a bit late .
phil is not satisfied with his final work .
john is flying from the roma fiumicino airport .
evan has a show at school at 6 pm tomorrow . dan will be there .
gabrielle got promoted in june . adam congratulated her with delay .
emi and toll are trying to decide what to order for dinner .
jenny needs tom's help with a printer . it turns out her wi fi was off .
amanda and michael are in chișinău , moldova . they will be taking a bus to bucharest on 5 october and fly back to london on 7 october . alexis invites them to dinner after they're back .
a child in new york found an ecstasy pill in a chicken wrap ordered in a small bar , the manager of which was probably drugged up .
jordan will come at 6pm , which will make drew clean up his room .
lucy wants to buy hannah's rollerblades for her niece . hannah had an injury so she can't use them any more . lucy is worried about the scratches and insists on hannah to lower the price . hanna claims it's a good price . lucy will come back to hannah in the evening .
teddy will meet edgar at the swimming pool .
shaw's on his way to play football with hank who's already waiting .
drew , lenna and ivy are going to meet on wednesday on a subcommittee meeting . . they are going to discuss the definition of subcommittee .
annette and tim are staying at andrea's flat . andrea's flatmates are away till 25 of may , so annette and tim will stay there a few days longer . they will meet with andrea at 6 p . m . at santa croce square and then go to santa croce together .
anna didn't sleep well because her neighbours had a party last night . next time anna might call the police .
moll reminds das to sign and date it .
javon has had a job interview . it went well , but he thinks he might be overqualified .
janek is a bit ill and will go to the doctor tomorrow . he's going with mario to janet's birthday party on friday . amy and carlos have bought the shared present a console and some games .
manuel is still at jeff's .
scott is working on his linkedin account . anna has one and she's been contacted by a company from london .
mario saw harry at the gym . he didn't say hello to harry .
lawrence loves the new song of miley cyrus and mark ronson , nothing breaks like a heart .
dave can't understand why the independence day is always such a mess . steven and brian wish they could celebrate normally .
nathaniel didn't sleep well , had some problems with breathing . he's seeing a doctor in 2 days .
eugene found it on the internet . jasmina finds it really cute .
joseph's parents will drop by tomorrow around 6 . joseph promised dad to lend him his hammer drill .
joe is at a tv shop . wayne advised him to buy samsung .
qin is in class . wendy is coming now .
nick got ralph's message . nick and ralph will meet , because nick needs more information . ralph will send an email to nick later .
jenny and mia are already at the office .
steve has a hard time on a bus in traffic jam stuck with smelly people .
willow will buy the tickets for opener festival for her and hannah . she will pay her back later . the 1975 are going to play . willow wants to invite max .
constanza's washing machine stopped working . she is not used to washing in hands . the technician is scheduled for the next week .
earnest has an important exam soon , but he cannot bring himself to study . mariam convinces him to do so .
peter is going to australia for half a year . james has a cat named foxi that is a bit aggresive .
fran is slightly ill and won't be going with harvie to paulo's tonight . fran will stay at home during the weekend .
the answer is of course .
tom is looking for his walet . jim will have a look tonight at his place .
ellie mae is turning 14 today . pearl is in spain . she's sent ellie mae a gift card . ellie mae is going to buy pearly highlighter , a contouring set and a brow kit with it . pearl is coming for christmas , and so is step grandpa vince . he will play xbox with ellie mae and jamie .
kevin has been a pc user since he was 8 years old . he does not know how to keep a neat and clean desktop .
polly is waiting for her son jack at the station . his train is delayed , still near newport and will be in cardiff in about half an hour . polly will get a coffee and wait in her car .
english homework for tomorrow for tom , amanda and patrick is ex 7 8 p . 66 . they also have to write an essay for next week .
hannah accompanied by 15 people will perform at the saturday's dance . the song is a secret . hannah thinks helen should wear the red dress for the dance . hannah will wear black , just like the other performers .
tamara and jenny had a busy week at work . natalia and alice will go shopping .
grace is coming tonight and she's planning something surprising . oleg should be home at 7 or so .
brook wants to know what sam wants for his birthday . sam doesn't need anything .
sara left her hat at mindy's place . mindy will bring it by the cafe tomorrow .
leena is taking some time off from work for a week . she and timu will meet for a beer during her break . they will invite dave and isabel .
hiram shares a picture taken in albania .
brittany's neighbors were screaming and shouting and suddenly everything went quiet . gabriel suggested calling the police .
sophia and mia are waving at isabella from beside the clown on stilts . she notices them and goes to join them .
viola's headphones got destroyed , so she needs to buy new ones . nell bought her pink headphones in flying tiger , and she thinks viola should look for them there too .
diane had fun on saturday . friends visited her . they were swimming in the pool . diane complains that maintenance of the pool is expensive . larry is looking for a house with a pool . diane needs a new cleaner .
lindomar is dating two girls at once . they don't know about each other . he likes them both .
diana is desperately awaiting a response from a guy she's known for 3 weeks . sue is trying to calm her down .
carter was visiting jessica and meeting old friends from high school . he has just gotten back home . they want to meet again next year .
matt hired a car for the weekend , but it didn't arrive at his location on time .
steve is bored at work . he wants to change it and become an astronaut . mathew's favorite movie is passengers and steve's is kill bill .
tony comes back in two weeks . tony and grace are impatient to see each other .
wendy had difficulty in finding a gift for her father . jake opted for something useful and suggested a fit band . he promised to look for some interesting ones .
jack's arriving in 10 minutes . he'll buy some beer and vodka in the coop at lucy's request .
helen does not fancy going to the pub tonight .
bethany wants to make a corn chowder . she ordered it yesterday and it was tasty . elisabeth wants to make it one day too .
cris will call spud in an hour . he is busy now .
terence and jesse are in romania . they enjoy local food . the weather is bad so they stay in bucharest . they don't have enough time for a trip around the carpathians . they want to come back in summer with other people .
mum left money and a bill for carol to pay at the post office . lasagne for lunch is in the oven .
waytt hasn't worked much after dance dance and dixie is reintroducing him to the business .
the internet stop working . jude says anna should restart the router . it is unplugged .
thomas is confirming freddie's appointment with mr brown 23 nov at 10 , though he is leaving for the airport at 11 o clock , so freddie will only have one hour .
billy is on his way and will be in the studio around 10 30 . billy will bring the lists . rich received the lists .
agnes has bday today and she usually does nice things for herself to celebrate . marisol will talk to agnes about kate's new boyfriend .
jamie feels like she is the worst mom , because she hates how hard it is to take care of a newborn , mikey , who cried all night . ben is not helping much , so sara will come and watch the baby , while jamie will get some rest .
terri and wendy haven't spoken for about 10 years . terri has been working at the hospital for 20 years . wendy still works at the vet's . terri likes her job . terri kicked derek out 3 years ago . derek had an affair . terri is with johnnie now . wendy never remarried after jeff .
tony doesn't want to teach , he is annoyed with his students and not patient anymore . he will think about finding another school or give adult conversational classes .
tina and ella wish each other a happy christmas . ella and jamie are spending christmas in their havana abode and they do not plan to celebrate . tina bought a christmas tree . tina's daughter laura and her husband are coming from johannesburg . tina and bill will prepare a grand christmas meal .
nick needs ted to contact him via skype before 3 . 30 .
john broke up with meg yesterday without giving reason . meg is going to meet up with alexandra and suzan .
sara is hungry after the holidays . angie had sushi at christmas eve .
damian is cool about meeting meg's parents tonight .
ted has found his phone thanks to harry's help .
rey and campbell will spend a romantic night tomorrow . they will not be seeing each other in few months , so rey wants to have fun with campbell now .
lisa is having a girl . ken will call her when he lands .
barbara is disturbed by the news from spain . the fascist party vox came to power in andalusia . almost all europe is having similar problems right now . barbara and william think we're heading for a catastrophe . barbara thinks they need to start talking to people and oppose the wrong ideas .
bella will cook spaghetti for herself and joy .
sam arrived at the airport but his connecting flight is delayed by one hour .
monica wants john to invite her and sophie to dinner in the city centre . they will meet at berkeley square at 7 .
steven ordered 4 bags of the lapsang souchong tea from agnes , but she's offered a discount for the fifth one . steven would need to pay 49 . 95 for 5 bags .
laura is in bed . patrick wants to go to the gym with her . they will meet at the gym in an hour .
danny is at the supermarket . he will buy 2 bottles of milk at steve's request .
robert is dating an actress that he met on tinder .
layla wants benjamin to call her .
marylin didn't buy a new dress in the mall yesterday because she's waiting for the black friday discount next week . audrey needs to buy a new coat . marylin'll share the discount codes for online shopping with audrey .
after the annexation of crimean peninsula , the situation in the east ukraine is dangerous as owen's ukrainian friend reports .
josh gives andy some tips about travelling in latin america . andy goes there with julia who speaks spanish and a bit of portuguese .
irwin will go to roma next month with karen . judy cannot go .
mark's friend is a photographer and wants ava's cats to have a photo session . this event is a source of stress for ava as she will have to take care of the cats' looks .
peter , finn , bob and jackie will eat a dinner tonight at the restaurant they found on tripadvisor . they should be in the town around 5 pm .
will wants to know who has been shouting in the street last night .
kira is having a little girl but can't decide on her name . kira is going to suggest the name lyra to dan . kira will see alex on friday .
fred and daisy are going to van gogh exhibition at the weekend .
monica , elisabeth and nathaniel are going to the forest tomorrow . monica will take a cake and some olives with her . nathaniel will bring pancakes .
howard is in warsaw . the weather weighs bad on his mind . but he likes the city , he is amazed by the old town , pierogi and vodka . he likes the taste of vodka , he doesn't drink it to get drunk .
liam and noah will meet at liam's place in an hour to play video games . they will invite charlie .
george's son has just been born . george wants to celebrate with fred .
seth's pet oreo that he got when he was 10 is feeling worse and they're thinking of putting him down . tim is busy at work and susan is on a business trip to vienna .
peter won't go to cardiff today because he is busy and needs to stay longer in the office .
kevin wants to improve his driving skills so he is taking lessons . henry claims paris is expensive . henry found a room half the usual price for 400 euros but it doesn't seem to be good enough . kevin encourages him to keep looking .
mrs . garcia texted sarah that she's ill and the lesson next week is cancelled .
lucille is already up and her luggage is ready . ibrahim will come in 45 minutes to pick her up . her passport was the first thing she had packed .
tony sends a photo he took at the top of the mountain to jake and liz . liz wants to see more photos tony took there .
marsha and mike broke up .
alex is watching nigela's tv show .
norah's children like the school . norah's sister moved to another school when she was seven .
iza'll be returning on thursday as her mentor informed her that she can present her thesis on friday . iza'll have to return the mutual ticket that she bought for herself and her boyfriend who agreed to come back on saturday morning .
daniel is meeting simon in about an hour but tina can't see them . she's in madrid , which daniel doesn't believe in .
laura doesn't want to be involved in jonas and david's conflict .
mitchell , paterson and langdon are going to watch football tonight . mitchell will book the table for four in champs pub . langdon will bring along his brother .
nathan and will will meet for a soccer game on the field at 6 p . m . nathan hasn't been on the field for a long time .
henry booked a hotel for the first two nights only . henry and chuck would like to explore hotels that are not on overpriced booking . com once they arrive .
kate got lost . ines will meet her halfway to the blue boat .
fran explains to tim how to get to de grasso pizza place where they should meet on tuesday , 4 pm .
ruth recommended new banana bread recipe to debi . debi is going to try the recipe .
rose and wayne are going to a party at wayne's office . rose has trouble picking a dress from the shop for the party . wayne advises rose . they decide on one of the dresses rose has tried on .
malina will help jeff and kate with the deco .
mom couldn't make anything for dinner . dad is buying things for dinner for sandra and mom .
judy , christine , colleen and molly need the same book professor cooper was talking about . adam has ordered it and promises to share .
tom is after some advice on a new smartphone . rob recommends android over iphone .
jon tried to solve a problem at the bank . marie is worried . they will talk at home about it .
raiola sent 7000 sh to a wrong account , but will have her cash back within 2 hours .
jana's mother looks glamorous .
alex and jacob are going out for a beer at 7 .
the event is on 12 january . alice thinks it's interesting and she can come . willow thinks the price is fine .
tim is waking up tomorrow at 6 am .
adam and johnny are going to meet . adam needs to bring several things like a sleeping bag and liquor . they will go for paintball and might go swimming .
ann will come to school today . ian has an invitation for her from mary .
archie is going to practice the saxophone today . laura is willing to come and hear archie playing during a gig next month .
jeff will use google maps . kate knows the area .
ben is busy with the flying course . roger sells cars and business is doing great . ben and roger want to go to ibiza . ben will call roger to talk about their holiday later .
kelly has to do 10 of these to learn .
cindy is sad but doesn't want to talk about it . ellie is trying to cheer her up .
zelda wants her dad to excuse her from her classes after winter camp if she doesn't get time off . hayden will convince her mom too , if need be .
jim will leave the receipts tomorrow . if they pay by credit card , they need to attach a proof of payment . they can send it via email but then need to deliver the originals . they need to sign the invoices . the deadline is wednesday 6pm . jenny will print the invoice .
patricia , melanie , and jenny will buy her some jewellery .
gabi was seeing a nigerian drug dealer .
harry will open the window .
he is recovering at the hospital . mary and charlie will bring him a cake on tessa s request .
frederic , danny and jonas are buying games at a steam sale . jonas bought dark souls 3 and danny gta 5 .
brenda asks jeff to buy some toilet paper and a bottle of sparkling water .
marilyn runs on the treadmill now instead of outdoors as she had bronchitis from jogging in the cold last week .
maggie has overslept , so she'll be late for work . she'll arrive at about 9 30 and tom hopes she'll make it for the team meeting .
dorothy has just left the club and her phone speaker is not working . houston suggests restarting the phone and it fixes the problem .
randy will come to arianna's , because there are some heating problems at his place .
hilary wants jess to take her veil from the dry cleaners . the pin is the wedding date . hilary wants morgan to check on the cook .
emily feels terrible about breaking linda's tea cup but she is not mad and gives her the whole set .
when rob is bored , he watches gifs with sound videos on youtube . boredom is a comfort for him .
tracy got a letter from the tax office . claire will open it and send a photo to tracy .
carson is going through old photos . carson and connor used to party together at quapelle hall . they want to meet up soon .
robert and bale have to submit the project . bale asked their teacher to push the deadline but she hasn't given them the answer .
marie and anna think he's cute .
shelly is okay but she was more happy in la . she came back because she has no more money and here she has a steady job . she will think what to do next .
julia is looking for a room to rent . maria will ask her friend anna who used to let a room .
bob does not know how to send a pdf file to a kindle . he recommends a website with ebooks allbooks4free . com .
adrew will pick up max at 9 .
romek got a copy of project invitation from dorian .
mary is cold and waiting for alice . alice is on her way . alice's mom doesn't want alice to go , as she doesn't trust jack .
joseph lived in brooklyn , new york . henry is offered to go there for an exchange . one should earn about 80000 a year to live there . that's why joseph moved out .
lola wants to have breakfast on her own . she will go jogging with riley later in the afternoon .
nidia would like to borrow jennifer's black dress . she's going to the ballet with her date . jennifer lent the dress to holly a couple of weeks ago and will have to ask her to give it back .
steve and carly want to grab a drink at the weekend at kings . steve was ill all weekend last time . carly reckons he was drunk so he had a hangover .
muriel got a terrible cold after coming back . she has no medications at home , so will treat herself with ginger , garlic and nose spray .
there is still no internet around the restaurant . gerardo will come back in half an hour . summer can't leave because of work . eric will go surfing . alex can't go , he has to work late . eric has space for 2 people .
max will let denny know when they come to upgrade the internet as denny needs to be there . it will probably be on monday .
harry stopped drinking orange juice . he used to drink too much vodka with orange juice in highschool .
lily's project at school wasn't good enough for the teacher . mom comforts her .
peter and jen are coming to warsaw to buy some things for their flat in ikea . they're going to stay at alex's who's going to take them to a party . peter and jen have some problems with their neighbours in the new flat .
john has to come to work tomorrow . he will come at 6 a . m . brian canceled john's day off , because tom called in sick . john will get a week off as soon as brian will hire a new worker .
jeff will give bernard a ride downtown as he's going for lunch .
dharma wants joy to come in , but she didn't know joy has got a client .
yorke bailed on christine due to an emergency . she is upset about it . yorke will try to explain everything .
ai will send the house he inherited . john's in law died today . john didn't like him .
danielle's mother is bored on her retirement . she will tell her to go to the retirement center .
ania , alicja , marta and asia are going to an escape room at 18 00 on sunday . the room is near their high school and is prison escape themed . alicja has been to several escape rooms before .
victor has decided to become a surgeon . emma thinks it's all about the money these days as she struggles to make ends meet . victor wants to save lives and needs emma's opinion . emma reckons victor makes the right choices .
caroline and andrew will meet at centrum underground station around 20 30 21 00 . caroline will let andrew know before leaving home . they will go by bus and they will meet agnes and kuba at the club .
olivia needs a private room till the end of january . charlie says it's a shared room . olivia can't share a room .
jill took fiona's red jumper without fiona's consent .
mandy and alex are going to see grandma today after school .
laila and abir share new year wishes .
watching or reading about superheroes makes you a better person . sam , lonnie and randy are fans of fiction about superheroes .
jay likes the tea mike got from tea nepal in the mall . jay decides to get the tea in a gift pack for her mom's birthday . mike suggests jay to get another such present also for lindsay as the next tuesday is her birthday .
elena will talk to catherine in around 6 hours when she gets home , because she only has 10 battery left .
the shop sara was looking for is on the second floor next to rossman , near the elevator .
kate hates that men think they know better than women . max believes there are things women are much better at than men .
judy will visit her parents on saturday . judy has recently taken up crocheting . she has made a cap for daddy .
jake is in hospital . ethan and jake went to er because of jake's skinned knee . jake wanted to have an x ray .
andrew turns off the stove because emma forgot to .
pina with others saw everything in cancun on the first day and tomorrow they will take a boat to isla de mujeres . dick booked too many nights to recover from jetlag , but pina didn't have it . she will get back to mona after visiting merida .
jackie forgot to take a pen for the exam . ken offers to bring one but andrzej informs them there are pens available in the classroom .
matilda wants to go to the cinema with dillon . she wrote to the wrong person .
lyla sent diggle sample speakers for their survey .
henry liked bradley's sister and wants her number .
viola is looking for her falsies . alexa says they are in the bathroom .
jenni feels like staying in and watching a film . megs invites her to come to the pub for a round or two , jenni agrees , she will be there in about 15 minutes .
julia will buy a bottle of wine and parmezan cheese for kyle and harriet as they are cooking pasta tonight .
shona recommends her bra . jane likes it , too .
jayden shares the video that excites cass and annie .
ricky is asking julian for his drug .
alan is throwing a party this weekend . roy will attend , dylan will bring his girlfriend . alicia won't make it as she isn't in town . martha will confirm tomorrow if she can change her work schedule .
john will grab some coffee for mark on his way back home .
kevin will pick up his mother and edward from the party at greg's around midnight and drive them home .
coraline agrees to meet leon by the printers in 20 minutes .
hank has a lot of work , he's preparing for a camp with his sisters and he's started playing basketball . brenda's parents went away for the week , so she's finishing various tasks . she also went to see 'bohemian rhapsody' with her sister . hank recently read a book called project life don't stop .
james is closing a project today , so he cannot meet with emily . james is very stressed , because this project is worth five million dollars . james will talk to emily as soon as he finishes , probably around midnight .
sheryl , tina and joan will catch up tomorrow at around 1 pm .
charlotte didn't prepare any lunch for tomorrow as she was planning to go to sushi project . angie will give charlotte a really big portion of chili she made too much of .
charlotte arrived at the library at 8am .
maddy went to the black inn with jane . jane is pregnant . the father is her abusive ex . she's considering an abortion . maddy's trying to change her mind . she thinks it would change her life for the better . jane has always been very independent , so john doubts she'll change her mind .
lisa and jean luc love each other .
danny and maria will see yann at 8 pm by the runway to watch the planes . yann will bring the camera .
matt doesn't like his english course as he feels there's too much work required . matt doesn't want to bring this to the attentions of his teacher as the course ends in a month .
michael and melissa are upset about the large amount of homework exercises they have to do for their history class .
adam sent a photo from his childhood when he was 6 or 7 from a school ball . linda won't show her photos from the childhood .
if drury had to choose , he would pick messi as the best player . peter would choose ronaldo .
tiffany owes valerie a lot . nelson is to give valerie tiffany's number .
tom and maria wonder where is peter . peter's queuing at the b15 gate while he should be at b19 . tom urges peter to come to him .
zoe quite likes kanye west's music , james does not . james suggests zoe checks out aesop rock , zoe knows and likes them .
vicky will meet with mike and others in bawarian house at washington street at 8 00 .
kate needs to borrow 10 pounds , because she forgot her wallet . james and adrianne will be in the office in 10 minutes .
it's a warm , summery day and it probably won't rain . chris is awaiting winter . mike likes winter . chris prefers freezing over heat .
last night albert had a barbeque party at his boss' house .
cecil read short stories by alice munro a few years ago . brandon never read anything by alice munro .
clara and fred will see each other tonight .
cathy visited her best friend who has been in a coma for over a month . oliver is writing an erotic sci fi novella . cathy thinks it's a joke .
mel worked as office manager , but actually she was a secretary . connie works there as talent delivery specialist , which sounds better than it is , because he only sits on the phone . izzy will not apply for a position in this company .
rick got shortlisted for a job .
olga sent sarah a photo .
max doesn't remember how much he paid for car insurance . max has an insurance agent that he's very satisfied with . chris is interested in contacting the agent .
jen isn't happy about laura not going to the concert saturday night . laura got paid yesterday but she has spend it on rent , food , etc .
dustin fed the cat .
jacob left his badge on the desk . jacob will take it for him and leave at ann's .
william and theresa have just moved to merida . they had problems getting there . they like their accommodation and they enjoy their sightseeing in the capital of yukatan . they are planning to go to sisal and uxmal .
lewis came back from his ski trip thrilled . he is already planning the next one for saturday . tracy wants to go with him . they are meeting at 9 o'clock sharp .
jessica doesn't perceive herself as a good lover . sarah has a positive regard about herself in this matter .
tenley asks for an ip charger , peak prefers samsung .
particia gave ronald a toaster as a gift . he likes it .
mike thinks a girl he works with is attracted to him . he will invite her out to see if he's right .
kevin is watching a netflix show tom is also interested in .
martha , paula and jessica are going to the ball . peter won't come .
nat has landed and waiting for the luggage . paul is waiting for her .
maria , conor , serena and jenny will go shopping to the malls at the outskirts today . they want to buy something for their trip in tkmaxx .
blake is sharing photos of his new haircut .
martin and fred will meet in the kitchen for a short break in 10 minutes .
bill has stopped watching tv because of advertisements and instead he chose netflix . tom will also choose no advert tv in place of traditional tv .
doreen has a new couch and needs a cape for it .
ron and marco will move in to alex' and eusebio's for 2 weeks to take care of their plants while their away .
tom tried calling the restaurant but nobody answered . ben takes his order for two tom khas , one tofu pad thai , and one chicken green curry . the order will be ready in 30 minutes .
glen lent his copy of ender's game to stu about 6 months ago . stu is almost finished with the book and will give it back to glen at karen's party .
felix sends a file with an indietronica artist to ben , bob and serena .
pete wants tino to come for a sleepover today . they need to practice playing some game . mom doesn't agree .
fiona has a new boy . they are getting along well . they went to a new chinese place around the corner from the queens head , which has tasty and reasonably priced food and good service . fiona ate sweet and sour pork and lemon chicken . alice would like to go there , but hugh hates asian food .
mia is going to buy some candles for the party . anette suggests they are in blue shades .
parker won't go to the gym . ralph will be there in the evening .
clarice didn't get anything for christmas . sebastian got chocolate . sebastian and clarice will have dinner together tonight after 8 . they will have roasted chicken and red wine .
tracy and sarah are planning to join the oncoming school competition .
leslie told tracy to wash her hair more often .
alex and pat don't have classes this friday as mr nox is sick .
allie sends the newspaper subscription password on sam's e mail . the subscription is valid until the end of the year . the renewal of the subscription depends on jim . allie will bring up this topic at the next meeting .
seline and max are going to meet at the corner in a few minutes .
lizzy likes sophie's idea for a gift for mom .
farrel and jason will watch bohemian rhapsody .
bess wants to change her reservation so that it starts from the 6th . anton still has guests staying until 6th , so bess will come on the 7th .
aida will buy whipping cream on lydia's request .
tessa liked her trip to london , because of mike and the quality of air .
arnie found some comic books at the library today . he and rick want to read some of them , especially batman comics .
elizabeth is bringing a book for alex . alex needs advice on how to teach adults . elizabeth suggests getting relaxed and devising own work schedule . elizabeth describes her usual lesson . elizabeth recommends a vocabulary game called kaboom .
layla organized a party . layla sends photos from the party to tom , kate , gwyneth and audrey .
tommy would like for linda to be with him .
henry , agatha and theo are going to the years years concert . it's said that they'll start to play at 9 pm , but there's still no information about a possible support . henry's buying train tickets today anyway .
henryk and piotr want to discuss the latest episode , but asia hasn't seen it yet . asia will watch the episode in an hour or two .
abdul is buying jessica thomson a surprise ticket .
maxine got some harsh feedback and has to do a beginners course which is offered to new staff . mel will talk to sheila about it .
mary sent adam a task . adam will solve it and send her the result immediately .
john and rick will go to a new club today .
tony bought some clothes to his new job but he's waiting for cyber monday to buy a modern , huge screen tv .
gil has a knee surgery on march 20th , so he can't come to his granddaughter ilo's 18th birthday party on the 25th . instead , he is going to come to her prom on the 12th . he is coming on march 11st at 12 45 , and leaving on march 13th at 17 35 .
kelly and richard are preparing for their vacation at the rose hotel in the countryside . kelly is all packed and ready to go .
marcus went to ikea with ella and didn't take his phone . he is supposed to be back around 5 . ella has a family meal tonight . lee will try to talk to marcus on ella's phone . if it doesn't work , lee will come by katy's place to meet him .
carole and jake are getting along very well indeed , as he cares about her more than anyone else before . alison is happy for carole and jealous too , because she finds jake a hottie .
phillip can't start the car again . he has called the aa . stephen will call phillip in the evening .
anne is vegetarian and is not fond of eggs . george avoids certain vegetables . paul will prepare food that anne and george can enjoy .
caroline has to work on the weekend .
jeff was thinking about carolyn all week . he proposes a meeting . carolyn is still angry with him because when they last met with his friends for bowling , they were laughing at her playing . jeff apologizes to carolyn , he will call her .
darren and frank are staring at a girl's tits .
mary has already seen the episode of a series chloe and karola want to see . it's so good mary wants to watch it again with them on saturday .
keane found a dead pigeon on his balcony .
andrea is buying a new dress for a charity event . roger believes the green one fits her better .
chuck shows dan his new warhammer miniature models from the t'au empire . chuck is older and has more experience in gaming than dan . dan is getting better at painting warhammer miniatures . chuck and dan are critical of games workshop business practice .
tyree likes to order . carleigh usually does not like to be told what to do .
janet and a part of her team is going out tonight . she asked mitch to join them and he agreed . he's new in town . she'll email him the details .
malia is waiting at the red neon .
zan and mary will meet tomorrow morning at zan's request to go over the last scene dialog . zan has trouble remembering his lines . mary suggests that zan brings his blocked copy of the script as it may help him memorize the lines . zan agrees .
it was always too late to book something good for new year's eve , so this year jill starts looking in june . she plans something low budget , like mountains . she is sure everyone would join , except tom , who will probably spend this time with caroline .
the big stadium holds the concert .
mark wants to talk with cynthia about money today . she ends classes late so she suggests sending a text message . mark insists on calling , today or tomorrow .
george and carlo are in the theatre already . carlo'll come to the main entrance and give jeff his ticket .
dana is very happy that zach sent her a postcard .
mark , anna , julia and george want to go on holidays together . they need to choose a destination . they're considering greece , georgia and italy . julia doesn't like georgia .
charles wants to come in betty's place but she's busy in the library now . betty eventually decides to meet charles where he is .
donald and steve are playing poker at dave's house tonight .
mia spotted aiden at the cinema , where he was seeing avengers . aiden agreed to bring mia coffee later .
paul has a presentation scheduled for tomorrow .
they are meeting at the café in 15 minutes .
as one of youtube documentaries says , 69 of the us population is obese .
lily's album is going to be ready in a few days . she does not want to have the photos from bath printed .
chris has enrolled anna and himself for sailing at the sea . anna has sailed before , but not on the sea .
lilly went to peter's crib on new year's eve , but now she's sick . even though , she had fun .
lancastrians are weird . diet drinks taste bad . the new ad of diet coke is hilarious . barnaby's work in blackburn is much the sam as in halifax . barnaby is missed at work . he misses them as well .
sean and connor agreed to go to the cinema .
ryan will talk about us atrocities in vietnam war . dora will do winter soldier . edith prepares the influences vietnam war had on the perception of the great war . douglas works on vietnam memoirs .
rachel , connor and others are going for a weekend away by the lake in the mountains . rachel is bringing a six people tent and portable barbecue .
jill is on her way . george will be waiting for her outside . jill and george will go for fries after training .
jayden is going on a date to the cinema with susan . he doesn't know what to wear .
rowan invites jesus over for pancakes . jesus will be there soon .
walter wants to buy a new razor for their dad for christmas . he will buy a cd as susan wants to buy the same . susan may change her mind about the gift .
lily's booked a conference room at the premier inn for the discussion with oscar on 13 and 14 january but the place can be changed to their liking . oscar will inform lily what time he arrives on monday .
margie will put helen's personal notebook in one of helen's drawers because she left it on her desk in the work .
helen will prepare a hawaiian dish for dinner , but she needs john to buy some chicken on his way back home .
brad and damian don't have any new year's resolutions .
mia is still waiting for the data from mark .
jim has bought everything from the shopping list , including a sensitive washing powder for whites .
miguel wants to buy martha a gift . he knows that martha's a minimalist . bruno suggests buying her a cinema pass .
alice , brad and david are meeting tomorrow at 7 .
scarlett met anna smith , famous actress , who was followed by some paparazzis . scarlett feelt like in a movie .
ida will buy the discounted bamboo powder for sue . madeleine doesn't need one .
nigel , gina and carrie want to do some exercises .
anna will go with mike to the library tomorrow .
becky listened to a bbc podcast and learned that goat and sages have different accents in different regions .
paula sends some photos alex asks for . derek and alex are happy to chat with her , whereas bailey is busy playing a video game .
jim found cheap flights to visit matt and lane . he is flying in on the 20th , landing at 8 15pm . matt will pick him up .
liam and ava are going to the sasha night club tonight . liam has to pick ava up at 21 00 . they are getting drinks at connor's first .
andrew and stacey voted in the eu survey on changing to daylight saving time , but they both don't know the results .
lucas is doing smorgasboard and sienna is preparing turkey for christmas .
emma went to her parents to help while her father is recovering from a surgery . however , she can't stay there for too long due to her classes .
nick has sent amy a video intended for tom by mistake .
jakub , anna and ken watched eurovision . jakub and ken don't like the song that won .
mark isn't going to church today .
anna is learning how to drive a motor bike at a school recommended by martin . anna enjoys driving a motor bike , but is also scared and considers it difficult .
jake , kieran , omarosa and anna are going to a huskies match tonight . jake and kevin are going to the liquor store to buy drinks for themselves , a six pack of palm bay for anna , and some budweiser for omarosa . jake and kieran will meet at cq at 6 .
james went on a trip and wants george to read about it on his blog .
cristofer wanted ellen to send him her photos . ellen doesn't want to talk to him .
morgan is seeing the girls tonight . morgan is visiting nan tomorrow and will talk to cole after that .
trisha watched the last episode of how i met your mother . she's disappointed with the ending . there is an alternative ending to the series where the mother doesn't die . trisha likes it much better .
heidi has been doing her projects and just finished her yoga . she is not a fan of running . elly went jogging today as she values cardio and follows a cardio youtube channel . she likes yoga . she is leaving tomorrow for a week trip with her class . heidi will be cooking and working over the weekend .
mike reminds paul that they are meeting at 5 pm today .
brian will not go on a party tonight , because he has a headache . lia tells him to take a painkiller . brian is not convinced .
john is leaving for anna's party . he'll pick up peter and then after 15 20 minutes maria . they will get some flowers and wine .
bev is going to write to her about making a film on how lily fell in love with james .
april is still waiting for her results regarding the admission in aimc .
harry has bought a new trailer . rod frequently borrows things from harry .
sofia loves benjamin's photo he sent her 3 days ago .
bill has shown george , ron and tom a picture of a badly designed building from europe .
george wants to buy the blueberries , but they are too expensive .
mona can't find her key . mona left it in rother bag that is in car . mike was right .
bob and nancy are moving to spain in a week .
jill spends about 25 on present per person for christmas . adele loves cookery books . kira loves glitter . robin make gifts without asking what people want .
jenny wants to break up with john for her 30th birthday because she wants to change her life .
brock had a meeting so didn't answer selma's call . selma is angry at brock and wants some time apart .
it takes bethany about 2 hours to get ready for a party . she spends one hour doing her hair . jack's sister gets ready in 5 minutes .
jackson offered jay , camila and blake to go to the casino . camila and blake visited the casino yesterday .
kay would never date a much younger man .
adam needs chris's quality management notes because he has given his away to mary and cannot work on his current project .
justin apologises to bella for getting her into trouble . justin was homeschooled .
jane is doing overtime and she's hungry . it's 8 pm and she finishes at 5 pm . dom will bring her something to eat .
jonathan and anna will decorate something jonathan just bought .
neither steve nor don think it's a good idea that they are trying to interview people .
parents haven't contacted cole and betty for a while . cole suggests that they call the police .
ava is wishing sophie a happy friday .
luis has to take a break from sports because he has a condition in his foot called island bones . he might need an operation to remove them .
alan and emily's son was born . the mum and the child , harry , are doing fine . friends congratulate them and wish all the best .
on his way home mat found money on the ground . mat went to the shop and bought sweets for the money he found .
tommy and colin are at the boulevard along the river . tommy and colin do not really like the place . andrea offers to go to the club in the city instead .
paul needs a big hammer . derek might have one .
raven got an a from an english test .
daisy and jen will go for a walk in the neighborhood . daisy will be back at 9 .
keegan is no longer mad at maddie . they are going for supper tomorrow .
mike is coming with a plus one . david , kate and peter are not .
mike should finish his project next week . he probably will be home on friday . liz will meet her sister kris for a coffee tomorrow . kris has problems with her new boy .
jane's cat has crapped on yanis's bed . jane is coming down to clean it up .
ed asked about ella's age , as he thinks they might have become intimate once in a pub in donegal . ella admits she often used to take people for a late night swim after visiting a pub in that area .
the heating at riley's house doesn't work . tyler tries to help him with some advice but it doesn't work . it's boxing day so riley will wait until tomorrow .
nate's future in laws are coming to town . they are a rich family so instead of cooking something to eat himself , nate wants to take them to some place in the town . bill suggests the new hip place on the other side of the river .
nil and bet will have lunch together .
travis hated owning a gym , it was a big responsibility . he will be a road cop , and he will still do some personal training for his clients .
max , david , irene and jenny are meeting in a hungarian restaurant on saturday ar 4pm . the restaurant has a really diverse menu with a lot of options for vegeratians . after 8pm there's karaoke .
howie recommended fiona to go for the blue one .
cecilia is in a bad mood but she will join sylvia for karaoke tonight .
sam . brown is asking about the local juice producer because he has a lot of organic apples . oliver started a new business producing apple cider and invites sam . brown who is unsure . she recommends talking to michael about it .
pablo and miguel are selling their grandmother's flat . miguel will get only half of his share because he owes some money to their father . he will be solely entitled to this money because his wife spends all their joint savings .
gemma and her ex boyfriend mark had a disagreement about their break up last time . timmy has history with josephine . timmy and gemma agree not to invite mark or josephine to the party .
jessie has a birthday today . she got a new job . maggie and frank are going out for some sushi and later they are going to the theatre .
olivier invites drake and pam to the party on saturday . pam won't come because she's out of town . drake will appear after 9 pm .
polly is looking for job . she is nearly out of money . she didn't come to last two meetings . mark proposed .
jake and alyson need to have their door fixed . they will have to borrow money .
sam and ann are catching up . ann's father is getting better at her sister's . sam didn't get any promotion .
amara is buying mom a netflix gift voucher for christmas . kyle will get mom a gym membership , as per amara's advice .
mike is travelling to germany for business from the 3rd till the 9th of january . gregory will try and postpone his birthday party one week so that mike can join .
olivia will lend martha a blender . marta will come in an hour .
lindsay is angry at miranda over todd . miranda went with todd to the movies . lindsay and todd broke up recently . miranda and lindsey will meet for a coffee .
william and finn play telling secrets , e . g . william is batman , obama is finn's daddy , william'd never heard of germany before he met finn . william's been to africa before , but is nervous about visiting it . william has about 20 horses , his favorite one died last year . he loved his horse mario too .
dancan was sick and now is alright . the longest time duncan was offline was a week last month . kaiya is coming to see dancan today at 5pm sharp .
grayson has said something wrong and now nancy is mad with him .
kevin sent a photo of cevapi with ajvar , which looks delicious . alice wants to make it herself .
harvey's girlfriend said yes . jim and harvey will go to big steak together and talk about it .
caron's car broke down . jenny morris sharpei will have luna from thursday to monday . caron will bring luna over with andy . caron came back and will pick luna up around 10 30 . jenny morris sharpei will visit caron next week .
peter moved . the guy he hired via airtasker didn't come , so another guy helped him on the first day . the second day he was moving his stuff with linda . ian couldn't help .
nina will come to karina and jackie's room .
the car will be ready tomorrow . it will cost 220 .
monica feels dizzy and she's just vomitted .
jamie's free trial of netflix is over and he is considering signing up for a shared account . he was watching turn , which sian finds boring .
there will be fireworks downtown tonight . corey and anne are going there .
faith got 90 on the test and jason got 70 . faith offered to teach jason if he thinks he needs help .
wanda is mad at isho , because he said bad things about the girls . she will not talk to him for a while and she will just sleep .
ella and ethan have argued a lot recently . but ella is not ready to end the relationship .
khezia and ian are going on a date saturday night .
emily's mother sent henrik photos of emily as a kid .
olivia's business is going quite well . megan has to prepare the classes for her students .
eva was supposed to go shopping with brody , but she needed to go back to the office . they'll go next week .
nancy washed tom's coar so he should wear the grey jacket .
bobby should be studying for his spanish exam , but he can't concentrate .
amber and carter will try the new thai downtown this weekend .
mike's car battery is dead . rob will come with his jumper cables and help him . mike's waiting at the mall next to rob's office at level 2 by entrance a .
mikeross cannot sleep prior to the case tomorrow . rachel shows him her support .
harper , ell , aiden and scarlett are going to try curling this weekend . they need 4 8 people for it , will have a trainer and will play against each other . ice skates are not necessary .
marianne is going to buy a dress for the wedding . cassandre and eveline like the dress , but they think it's expensive . she's going to pay 100 for it .
lucy wants mark to buy her some cool stickers for her birthday .
john and jason are discussing the meaning of 'safe sex' . john considers having sex with robots safe . he thinks people can have sex without love . jason thinks you can't separate politics from sex completely .
larry has sent a gif to noah and hunter that is not appropriate for viewing at noah's work . noah mutes the conversation with larry and hunter . larry continues to share his content with hunter .
hee wants to move in with a man she knows for 2 months to another state . jane strongly disagrees .
nate's car broke for the third time this week ; this time during his date .
last night james had a date with an amazing girl with whom he instantly fell in love . james and the girl ended up watching documentaries at james' place . james is going to tell bob the whole story tonight . james and bob are going to meet around 8 pm .
kimberly has the lidl book and can give damon the sticker .
alex's request to join the sci fi meetup needs to be approved on their next meeting . they will contact alex once the decision is taken .
bart sent to finn a link to his new songs in high quality . bart promised finn to record songs in english in the future .
alice has decorated her room . it's in purple and white colours .
the latest album by arctic monkeys is weird for thomas and neil . perhaps a bit overblown . they used to play indie rock post punk and this album sounds like they were rock stars .
charlie is planning to move to berlin as he met a girl . it's easier for timmy and chloe to visit him there than in london .
the police could have caught michael if he did something illegal .
cjay is no longer with his girlrfriend . he will meet with tom next to the bus stop at 7 .
klaudia works as a waitress from time to time . kuba can't sleep even though he tried everything . klaudia is going horse riding tomorrow in skierniewice .
raiola has sent 7000 shillings to a wrong mobile number . jose has reversed the transaction . the money will be available to raiola in 2 hours or less .
dean and kerry were almost late for the movie .
morgan , arlo , elliott and octavia are finishing classes earlier tomorrow as the last class has been cancelled .
gavin will try to rearrange tomorrow's meeting to monday as avery has discovered wrong details in the report .
hank can't talk now .
chris and sophie are having a dinner together tomorrow .
mike made a reservation for 10 people . he will come tonight at 6 . 50 pm in order to confirm the booking .
kim and kate will meet around 6 to eat pizza and go to cinema afterwards .
kate has a netflix subscription for two devices . she can't use it because eve and mike are using it now .
rory always wants to have sex .
emily's brother has a muscular body .
gina hated the new outlander . gina and olivia want to rewatch the first season together .
kevin has to go to alabama to get a box his grandmother left there . hee feels anxious because of the recent shootings . robert and tristan will accompany him .
eric can print something for drew , because drew doesn't have a printer .
kirk has front row tickets to give away for the basketball game tonight . edward is willing to go , and he will take his friend tony , who is into basketball too .
kate is going to order the herbal products and let moira try before she orders herself . sue is not ordering anything this time .
alexander will come to warsaw next month so he'll see daniel for lunch on the 6th . daniel will share his knowledge on canon camera with alexander .
chris will buy a ticket for formula 1 race in hungary for ann's birthday .
john's parents finally let him have a dog . john prefers to adopt one . he will go to a shelter with parents .
alan texted timmy when he was at school .
karlo and luka can't have a coffee with aron . ivan will have a break in 10 minutes .
gail will bring zara her pencil case and calculator on her way to work .
dylan's mother wants to make lebkuchen with zara .
stacy will go to the store and buy jane a couple things . she will also pick up jane's prescription .
victor , john and patrick agreed to contribute 20 box each for the costs connected with traveling for the burial on thursday . rios will book the black suv from a car rental company . the cost is 60 for one day , and rios will take care of it . she will be with the guys by noon on wed .
sean can't figure out why karen won't talk to him about their problem .
christina had a bad day her boss yelled at her , she had a headache , got her period , missed a bus , and was kicked out of the apartment by a landlord .
jax and ruby don't like neither the narration nor the characters in the book . ruby's at her boyfriend's flat . she hasn't been getting on well with him for a while .
becky has dyed her hair . for stanley it's too shiny , but adrianne and dilly think it looks normal .
bryan wants kyle to go with him to the new andrew lloyd webber show as he has an extra ticket . kyle hates musical theatre so bryan will find someone else .
john , maria and kate want to go . john will tell her because he has a good excuse .
mollie suspects that ethan is cheating on her , because yesterday he had all the lights in his apartment off . ethan tries to convince mollie that he was just listening to music in the dark . ethan and mollie are meeting in 40 50 minutes in order to discuss it .
alan has forgotten his password .
rinata wants trevon s suggestion on what to look at while buying a new phone . he suggests her oppo a37 , but she doesn't like it . she's been thinking of p8 lite and will ask her father for help as he has many friends in the main market .
ian will go for lunch with viola and her parents , they'll meet at lower place at 2 . 45 . ian'll be waiting by the front desk .
vivian offered lorna a walk but she preferred a nap .
sam loved the new movie with cooper and gaga . yanis wants to see it , too .
victor did not buy christmas gifts for his parents yet because he does not know what to get them . jay advised him to order something online .
alex and max agree on pizza .
martha and daniel are analyzing three sample invitations . they've decided to consult their choices with parents , and to make a decision tonight at martha's place .
mia had her scan done . it's growing , but she won't have a surgery . she has also problems with her liver .
matt and paul are at boring lectures . they will go for burgers and beer to break free .
jack doesn't like some of her work colleagues . she has a couple of exams left and is writing her thesis .
daisy is staying in a hotel near the station in rimini . she is going out tonight . nicholas is going for a beer . they might meet up town later .
iggy hasn't sent daniel the money yet . daniel really needs it to eat . iggy will do it right away .
kent has a lot of work in the office but he should be back home before supper . karen will prepare rice , cheese and wings .
mila doesn't know what to buy her dad for christmas . calum advises beer , but mila is too young to buy it and she should ask her mom to .
elvin will pick trisha up to uni at 8 . 15 .
dinner consisting of lasagne will be at 6 . dan won't be home til 6 30 . mum will keep some for him .
veronica agreed o go out for a coffee with her ex . veronica is coming to jane's to talk about it .
peter managed to gather , with paul's help , enough people to organize a football match on sunday .
dad , mom and annie are okay .
chloe is speaking about women in business at the school today . theo wants to talk to chloe about their social media tomorrow after lunch .
kris fed the dog . mum reminds kris to take him on a walk .
nancy moved to texas for work after living in cardigg for 21 years . she can't get rid of her accent . she will come home in 6 weeks .
irene sent off her last application for funding today . now she needs to wait to hear back from the funds .
lia hasn't heard from anna since wednesday . martha will check why .
drake , john , monica and fanny will go to antica badia to eat something . they will meet in 5 minutes at the entrance .
pete smith's car is ready . getting it done costs 130 . pete smith will come by later .
maggie has 2 days off on monday and tuesday . mom will come to her on friday afternoon . she will help maggie in choosing a wedding gown .
amy and jack will meet at 5 30 pm at jack's place .
anna and savannah are going to maggie's housewarming party on friday . savannah will be late , since she has other plans for that day . they are both taking part in a workshop on saturday morning .
reese found a cheaper course which is close to her office .
poppy's cat isn't eating so she will probably take her to the vet .
their heating bill is higher by about 25 . luke and kylie suppose that the heat is escaping through dock doors when they are open for loading trucks . kylie thinks they could bought some flaps to hang over the openings . luke wants to consolidate to two shipments to save energy .
constance , freddie , erica , dorothy and lena agree that professor times has been unfair towards his students and treats them badly . they are going to prepare and sign a document against him .
george has a problem with his esncard and demands a refund if thomas won't fix it . although all the information on the card is the same as at esncard . org , it doesn't work .
ladies from ann's book discussion club want to meet robert . he would love to meet them . they will meet at 7 pm on thursday .
terry , tony and andrew will meet at the wallery's shop .
steph is trying to talk to poppy but her account has been hacked by scoundrel .
helen and kate can hear some spooky noise and want helen wants to leave the place in the morning .
martin works way too much and it will not stop before christmas .
wilfred nearly got caught .
josephine learned that before the war her family name was kotovsky .
terrence and kimberly are laughing at sharon's new green hair , which she dyed herself together with julia . the colour was supposed to be golden mango . terrence is going to a math lesson . terrence and kimberly are coming back together after school . kimberly will wait in the library .
sophie slept over at victoria's and they had a good time . carlotta will take care of victoria the second week of holidays .
mark sent an email with his bank account details to john . john should remember to put the invoice number in the title .
to celebrate her birthday , danielle went to see the swan lake with her friend tomorrow there is a family celebration . she is also doing her christmas shopping tomorrow and working . ted got a few days off and is going to berlin tomorrow . he has sent a gift for danielle via post .
billy wants ben to complete hakuna matata lyrics with him but ben doesn't want to .
tommy and bill are at tiki bikini hut in nassau . jay is in staniard creek .
amelia wants to watch an xmas movie . rose recommends the princess switch on netflix with vanessa hudgens .
louise will propose to thelma at his birthday and has no idea what ring she would like . vicky , henrietta and paloma are there to help and assess the ring louise found in pandora .
marie and polly congratulate asha on her success .
mike and paula are going to travel to india soon but mike might not go with paula in case her brother , danny , goes with them . he might go in october with some other people instead .
joanna's dress was too shiny for belinda and dora .
qods and mary spent sunday with their friends in london . april was working all day . she can't go for a trip with qods and mary next weekend due to a new deadline at work .
kate hasn't called as she was busy and her mom had a surgery . she will be in warsaw for one month . greg spends half of his time in warsaw and the other half in krakow . they will meet tomorrow , at 7 . 30 at steamland .
helen is heading to 50 60 club .
nancy helped ida with her leaving message to her friends who helped her settle in hamburg . ida did an internship at about you and will return to bordeaux soon .
andy didn't tell larry he was getting married because he was busy .
kendyl wants to leave poland to live abroad because he is stressed about the state of the country . davon believes that she should try to change it instead .
alex installed instagram and doesn't understand how it works . he couldn't find the private messages section and he has a mention but doesn't know where .
owen just passed la . taylor will be waiting .
emma is writing her ma dissertation on female argentinian conceptual poetry , with paloma as a supervisor . adam wants the same supervisor so he wants to meet emma next week to discuss his ideas over coffee . drew is planning to join them .
svetlana and manpreet introduce themselves to each other and find out they both study at the same college .
everytime martin had an exam he and adam would listen to the scandinavian folk band wardruna . wardruna has a gig here next year . martin and adam want to come .
gwen is taking a bath with her phone , which baffles stella .
maria has just got a key to her new house . jasmine offers to help with the moving this weekend , as her boys are in manchester .
raj is looking for his winter jacket . he should check in the hallway closet .
tom had to pay a lot of money himself because his insurance hadn't covered it .
the oscar nominees for the best movie are already out .
george and his dad will eat spaghetti carbonara for dinner .
magda will stay at abby's house on 28 february . magda is flying to australia the day after with her friend maggie .
joe will watch castlevania on netflix , as rob reminded him the title .
mandy got mad at the team .
ann and her partner are staying in a cottage in a little village near umbria , mainly cooking pasta and having sex . ann's partner is addicted , he takes 4 pills of xanax every day .
alison fancies her driving teacher so she stalked him on instagram . he is in his mid twenties , seems to be single and has an identical twin .
linda welcomes brian to the group . brian is a new student at ashton high .
joshua will assist his daughter mariah with her business project for school as she needs an adult supervisor .
paul and lisa absolutely loved the orchestra yesterday . they would like to sign up next term , but they can't play any instruments . they will have to stick to just going to the concerts .
milena wants to know if jake is going to like her more with her new earrings .
dave is signing the agreement today . david wants to find out about property prices in ursus . dave is paying 7100 per m2 in wilanów . susie paid 7600 .
john is home so carol , sigismund and ellen can come and hear him talk about his trip to polynesia .
mary met jil in a mall . jil came from paris to take her things . she is moving there for good . she is now with jean , who is her boss .
jessie is interested in buying a brand new yoga mat from claire and becky's mother .
emma is watching jake paul on youtube because she liked shawn dawson's video on him . hanna also liked shawn's videos , e . g . , about jeffree star , who is surprisingly rich .
anna didn't come .
maddie went to her birthday party and keegan was angry . keegan is no longer mad , and will takie maddie for supper tomorrow .
keira is going downstairs because sis wants to tell her something .
joey will pick up iris' prescription at the store .
eve reminded ruth the name of bushes along motorways in italy .
ben is interested in meeting up , fran is not .
john is from warsaw , but he's in poznań at the moment . jeanette is from kokologo , south of ougadougou in burkina faso . there was a drought in europe this year , and in africa they have droughts almost every year . jeanette's father used to work in a hydroelectric power but he fell of the dam .
leonardo and zachary are watching jake on channel 4 .
penelope and carlos are happy that the democrats took control of house , but disappointed that thet didn't take senate . penelope read in the news that democrats can now investigate trump . carlos and penelopy hope the recent election will change the political climate .
since laura will have a baby , she , galina and chares decide that next year they will meet at her place in rhode island .
there's an idea to organize another referendum in moldova about joining romania . however , it is very unlikely that anything will change there .
peter , annette , amy , anette and tina are meeting up at a pub on friday from 5 pm onwards . tina and clare cannot come .
fred will have his part of the offer ready in 15 to 20 minutes and send it to jimmy .
oscar and rebecca are going to meet everyone at tasha .
anna signed up and she starts on monday .
carmela wants to order a black size 38 dress from kayla's website and have it delivered to spain . kayla ships her products to europe , asia and africa .
brian and amy are not going home for christmas , so william will travel alone .
ginny is furious about people not cleaning up after their dogs .
maria , joseph and tony are going jogging tonight .
bob and andrew hate the gdpr procedures . laura from andrew's team annoys him . bob and andrew will call in sick tomorrow . at noon , they are going to play fifa together .
lane will send diana the pictures in the afternoon .
eva's father in on channel 2 . charlie thinks he's famous now , a celebrity . eva will call her father .
the paint is over at pearl's house . derick will come at noon to see .
patty is visiting merida . on the first day she got lost and had a trouble finding her way back from the city . according to patty , merida is ok , has good vibes and few tourists , but it's nothing special .
mariola needs money for medication and is worried about the baby . the food bank is near kim's place . mariola will go to the food bank today . the shop hired a cleaning lady from mauritius .
victoria , owen and dave are choosing a place for their guests . victoria sends a photo of a place with decent prices and local cuisine . she will make a reservation there for 8 people tomorrow .
letty will go to the market . cynthia needs letty to buy several things .
khloe made vegan burgers .
ursula shares a picture of goldens .
jayleen is dyeing her hair blonde for the first time in 9 months .
september has just finished a yoga session . saga will fix the hem on a pair of jeans today for a customer at karin's shop and will be paid for it . saga helps karin at the shop . saga likes stitching and is good at it . september considers saga a good photographer .
susan loves amina's work , made of cardstock papers .
mr potter is having a meeting with mrs johns on tuesday , 27th october at 5 p . m in the sheraton lodge , hills road 27 .
oscar likes movies by von trier . his latest movie is a thriller , 'the house that jack built' .
rebecca and ian are trying to set up a meeting . she will be staying in westin starting wednesday . she has an appointment with a client wednesday evening and ian will meet her at the hotel at 8 pm .
luke and his friends went to a new game bar yesterday and had good fun . mark couldn't join because he was busy . leila didn't read the fb info about going out and alex also missed the meeting . alex had already been there last week with jason and friends and played d d .
laura is angry at brianna so doesn't want her to text her or call her . brianna thinks laura is overreacting .
marion left her suitcase at the bar . sonny has gone through the security already . sonny will wait for marion as always .
reinhardt will be playing board games with grady tonight .
cora , kevin and francis are going to eat and then drink a lot of alcohol in a few pubs .
amanda is excited about black friday deals and is browsing amazon . rose and mary have reservations .
kevwe will ring audrey when they are there , in about 30 minutes .
trevor doesn't watch their games because of their poor performance .
emily , paco and michael are having dinner tonight at nando's . emily will book a table for 8pm .
jared will come to ann at 8 pm to bring the books .
mike and adam will go camping next weekend . adam likes camping and he has experience in it .
adam took mandy's car . he is in a carwash .
brooke has failed her third exam , she also failed the one she retook and she will need to take it again next year . emily will ask her cousin if he could tutor brooke .
zach has finished and is sending it to patricia .
both tori and kody like thor movie .
lucy thinks that ally's dress is amazing and it will impress ben .
finnegan was interested in theatre a few years ago , he also wrote and acted . paola is not into theatre so much , she only attends to pass the subject .
monica and sylvia are attending gretha's baby shower on friday . monica doesn't have any gift yet . sylvia bought a toy for the baby and a scarf for gretha .
greg will arrive late to pick up kids from grandma's .
berry might be late for his meeting with karie next week . if he's late , he should just let karie know . she doesn't have any important plans later , just shopping and cleaning .
isabella , gabriel and nate are in favour of an impeachment of president trump . they are , however , concerned about the consequences and about who would be the next president .
ross bought snacks for today .
emily's brother bought 3 dresses for her and she might wear one of them to college tomorrow .
tom will be at mike's in 15 .
mary is seeing gert for a drink in ploughman's in 10 minutes .
alaina will lend mateo a novel by cabre .
caroline usually does not eat shrimps , but she decided to eat it this time , and she enjoys her meal .
adam missed school and needs hannah to send him an assignment from mr . peter .
gabriel confirmed his arrival on felix's request .
they will offer izzy a similar salary to those in supermarkets , and the bonuses they advertise are deducted from the paycheck . connie was dissapointed with it and spoke to linda , who is unpleasant .
mark and martin go for a run at 7 pm . at the usual place .
mia and mark enjoy similar music .
barbra took a day off on demand because of personal reason . it is third time this month that happened .
jason will cover over and play the red fender strat to see if he wants to buy it for 750 from mike .
lilly and adam are meeting tonight . adam doesn't want to tell lily were are they going , but he told her to wear something semi formal and take some warm clothing .
roy and mia drank too much at the party . mia forgot to give roy the book and a lunch box back . they will go for a walk at 1 pm today .
new coupons for mcdonald's are available .
tom has a map of paris .
jeremy will text bryan mackenzie to get angie's number for carolyn .
karen called in sick again and anna is out of reach , so martha needs george to cover the afternoon shift , even though it's his day off . george agrees to martha's request in exchange for a whole day off another time .
eddie and gareth are going swimming tomorrow 7ish by the upper pond .
celine is bored at the car wash . it's taking longer than she expected .
ben is looking for barbara that he met at the party yesterday . he added wrong person .
maya took up learning java last week and asks for some sources she might learn from . brad and alice provide maya with the sources .
don and honorata liked listening to westlife in their childhood .
mary and tim are going to the cinema to see the shape of water at 7 30 p . m . stefano and jim have seen it .
josiah liked his first day as a teacher . the other teachers are around 50 60 , and only 4 teachers are his age .
gwyneth has a cold . she took pills and natural remedies . she'll go through emails in her study upstairs .
john is looking for his friends at jimmy's instead of jazz club .
ken , gerardo , anna , kate and eric want to give something to doug and jc who hosted them in cr . gerardo proposes a bottle of whiskey or tequila . anna proposes something for the surf camp . kate proposes kitchen supplies .
barry and steve are going to a pub in 15 minutes .
tim will borrow 3 books for tory .
dina has trained her cat give his paw at the word yo .
aisha and beatrice have fun reading a text on avocado anxiety .
erin , ben and ashley are going to get shuttle to san jose friday morning .
the number of viki's package is ca20192735641 and she is tracking it . viki received the package .
paul is going to lend his bag to george for his trip .
paula is on sick leave . she has to measure her blood pressure twice a day . martha is at mark's studying .
amanda and her boyfriend started to fart next to each other after two weeks of being in a relationship . karen and her partner have been together for a month and they have never done that though .
the battery drain in ronnie's phone is bad . jim advises to change frequency settings to lower .
it's christmas . joe is in spain .
ben needs more time to think if he wants to buy it from henry . ben wants to see it again .
jeremy offered jamie to go on holiday together .
swabrina will meet ali for ice cream at 2pm today .
richard and martha will order their favourite pizza .
fanny wants her mother to pick her up . fanny's mother will call her shortly .
jay inadvertently sent the recording to joe and kim .
harper is an english teacher and wants to charge 15 euro . kylie thinks 10 15 is a good price .
mimi will take steve , leslie will take mike and they will go together to see vice . they will go to the cinema in the centre for the 8 . 30 show . leslie will put the kids to bed and ask her mom to come . mimi will call a baby sitter .
ruth is preparing a surprise for shirley and needs to know what size shirley is .
lucy didn't enjoy her date with larry because larry's jokes weren't funny for her and she had to pay for both of them as his card was declined .
ray , rich and virginia will attend the meeting that will include poll and discuss future plans .
marta is travelling now so she can't help natalia with her computer issue . natalia just started to do her homework .
topher informs gisela that jimmy kimmel hosted bryan cranston last night . gisela will try to find the video online . gisela may start watching the 5th season of breaking bad tonight .
sue and nancy are going to meet up at jane's .
ben , aaron and karen will have semi dry red wine .
george and andrew will go to an event .
klementine sent a photo . ola is buying tickets . regina doesn't like them .
nick and kelsey parked a car on the side of the roundabout .
annelie is working at the red cross tonight . she left cold chicken , green salad and chocolate ice cream for austin in the fridge .
kenneth suspects that somebody has used his computer because a wrong password was inserted multiple times and the access is blocked .
ulle will pick up ted tomorrow at 7am for a trip to the dentist and town .
alec bought nathaniel a shitty cheaper version of fabiana's gift for his birthday . he didn't even ask what they were buying . jill wishes nathaniel dumped alec . fabiana once received broken flowers for valentine's day from her boyfriend .
martin will come to brittany with sammy in the beginning of august and visit jen . jen has just came back from moscow . jen is leaving on the 29th of july . martin is in the usa until the end of july . martin will call jen when she arrives in brittany .
joanna will be the designated driver for luke , florence and jason . jason is with luke . florence is on her way to luke .
louisa sends angie a picture of her cat .
susie's mum will buy ice skates for tony . susie and ed will take him to ice skating lessons this year .
michael just got home . he will get ready and take the 7 pm bus and be at tracy's at 7 . 30 . josh , michael , and tracy will go to the new dive bar tonight to have drinks .
rick can't go on the trip that is organised by colin .
tenley needs a charger for ip . neither woodrow nor peak would use it .
ted and tom plan an oyster party at rendez vous on saturday at 8 30 . sarah and jules comes too .
linda got a tick . peter's study showed that taking vitamin b complex prevents tick bites . many people around linda are in favor of alternative medicine .
mary will come over to tom's to help him with the essay .
alberto gives isaac his new phone number as he lost his existing phone . isaac suggests that alberto can ask for a new card but alberto says that it's no longer relevant as he has a new number .
audrey saw henry and ernest from a bus .
tom and mary will buy tickets on thursday , because there might not be any tickets left after the weekend .
jimmy's car is dead . he's not sure what's wrong with it . carrie offered to borrow him her mercedes . she's also willing to sell it to him . jimmy will let her know . amy's sister is coming to visit .
lauren invites kelly and christina to her place tonight . christina'll bring charles with whom she's already 7 months . kelly'll finally meet him .
elliot and victoria don't want to go to the escape room with luke and his girlfriend . they don't like they way luke treats girls on dates .
johnson is in the supermarket and will be home in 30 minutes . rick will visit him 10 minutes later .
derek rescheduled his meeting with jacob to tuesday at 5 30 .
kendra has booked a table for two adults and one infant for 5 pm . the restaurant has a small playground and features a menu for children . there are just a few teddies to play with .
tim brags about his new girlfriend . he will meet with raphael at 7pm .
it's audrey's birthday next monday so joe is going to buy something for her . today they're going to meet at 8 pm .
peter took the papers from georgia's desk to their office . there was a letter from georgia's friend and she wants it back . they will go to the office together on sunday .
metallica are going on tour next year . rob , addison , morrison and tyler saw them last year . rob doesn't want to see them again . the rest is not sure about it . morrison is busy all july vacationing with elisha .
susan and maggie will meet on saturday at 10 and help to buy a wedding dress for the former's sister .
mauro needs a notebook . his mom is going to buy one for him , because he has some required reading and has to stay at home .
mark will make a vector file from sydney's image for 20 in 2 hours .
pippo has some news for luke .
roberto's mom accidentally ripped the ethernet cord and his internet was off all day . roberto had too many spare cords and he threw some out two week ago , so he will have to get a new one .
lea sent jay a tutorial on how to cook an artichoke .
jo called sue at 1 pm , but she didn't pick up . she will call her back and let simona and joanna know what she wanted .
jason has a problem with fifa 19 . he wants some help with it from miles .
bart's daughter's birthday is on 5th october . bart will buy her a new iphone .
freddy broke his leg when he slipped on his way home . it had to be operated on and he is leaving hospital in 2 days . he declined jane's offer to be driven back home , as his mother is coming to take him .
ben will advise lina about digital cameras around 7 pm .
monica has a 2 month old schnauzer mini , named sheldon .
thorne is going to meet with sylvester around 6 and selvyn will join them at 7 .
ava's cuckoo clock has stopped working . she needs to change the batteries .
kevin , stan and tim are going to the movies .
mirdom is the dj tonight . tonight at the stables it's electro swing night .
there is a new netflix logo animation . war is coming as there will be new streaming services from apple and disney .
margaret is coming over to margaret's to discuss current british political events .
maggie's friend has myoma . she is going to have a surgery .
john and ellen will have a meeting on thursday at 6 pm . ellen sent john the agenda for the meeting . ellen has all the necessary quotes .
ian will come to lucy tonight . her daughter is very sick . ian's assistant is on leave today .
eli is about to check out in a shop . frank wants eli to buy some spinach , tomatoes and orange juice .
james is trying to organize a geography formal next wednesday . it starts at 7 . 30 pm . peadar and helen will come there on time . thomas , clare , annette , anne and oli will join them in the bar afterwards .
jack needs jennifer to send him his bank account login and password . she'll do it in 20 minutes .
andy read steve's story last weekend and he liked it . it was originally written in swedish and the text gives it away , so there's still work to be done . steve purchased some books about writing , so he should get better soon .
jenny and mia are feeling fine after last night .
ben , nathan and josh are going to play online together .
josiah looked for fenugreek at the pharmacies but he should have searched for it at the supermarket or an herb store .
jake and max hope that their generation will focus more on the research in space rather than on wars on earth and political conflicts .
shoplady didn't want to give rick change from a 200zł note . he threatened to report her . she was rude to him but eventually gave him the change . he was also rude to her . he's going to report her on social media .
agnes is interested in buying zara red dress from megan . the dress is knee length for megan who is 169 cm tall . megan booked the dress for agnes , but she asked her to let her know no later than today .
this weekend ian and daniel will meet at 11 30 at the fuel station and they will go together to the vintage bike show .
fred was looking for his car keys . michelle cleaned the house in the morning but she didn't see them . fred eventually found them .
macy is looking for her hamster . the animal is sleeping in the corner of the cage .
amelia sent jacob a form that their boss asked them to fill out . jacob was late and it made the boss angry .
janne and steve are feeling unwell after a party .
jen and angie are studying maths for their exam next tuesday .
to go to austin , margret has to leave home , drive downtown then take washington road , turn in the 16th road , drive 30 miles more and take exit no . 15 .
noel is grateful to brenda for letting him know about the eclipse .
alexander and emma are sleepy today . emma thinks it's due to the weather . emma and alexander wish for longer days to come . emma has a christmas family reunion . she feels stressed about it .
michael reminds his friends to bring their passports on their trip .
patrick will do a short survey for david's masters thesis .
elsie can't visit beatrice tonight , because she needs to study for a test . she'll probably visit her next week .
trudy , ken and peter are having the test tomorrow at 8 am in room 666 .
nina is going to ikea . fran asks her to get some candles and cups for her .
karen asks stanford to provide book titles for the presentation .
claire and paul are meeting the school disciplinary committee next friday . both of them are stressed out .
emily wants ron to enjoy his birthday .
ariana has low blood pressure due to the bad weather and she's going to take a nap . sarah is working outside london today .
kate and sally are going to the bonfire with their friends . sally stayed for the holidays cleaning . kate saw her mum after chemo .
ashley prepared a drink with foamed milk using the milk frother for making face creams .
eve bought a dress and a skirt in the star outlet and caroline bought trousers . jane wants to go there to buy something for her parents' anniversary , but is worried about the prices . eve agrees that the prices are high .
hugh is late for a meeting with monica . she never wants to see him again .
douglas will help evelyn throw out their old monitor . he will let her know when he can come , probably next week .
tim will arrive in marrakesh on the 25th at 19 40 . he plans to stay for three days . steven recommends packing warm clothes for cold nights .
kim loves angelica's red lipstick . kim would like to wear red lipsticks too , but she is too afraid to do that .
ann considers getting a dog . rita is a volunteer at an animal shelter . rita wants ann to go there and take a look . they will go there together on sunday morning .
mario won't go home until saba forgives him . saba needs time to think .
john will pick up the kids at mary's request .
jarod is organising a trip for 4 to cabo .
betty is disappointed to be at work on christmas eve just because she doesn't have children . wilma claims that it is also the case at her workplace . fortunately , betty doesn't have to work on new year's eve .
luke wants to make a notebook with quotes of famous people describing his father . luke will order a custom cover based on graphical design by his sister . pauline will help luke .
tom and peter are at the gate and will wait for ann in the hot dog bar . they'll get one hot dog for her .
rob signed up elaine at the english institute last week and she will take the cambridge english exam . becky is considering signing up andrew . according to june the institute offers also online registration .
antonia will come to anthony for a star wars marathon at the weekend of 19 20 even though she's not a big fan of star wars . mark will be there and anthony saw how she's looking at him .
pat likes the sweater better .
walter is running late for the train because the bus is taking forever . russ will try to stall the train .
allyn and pricilla are going to the onetwofree and monkey inc . bars and then the harem club tonight . it's only a 10 minutes distance between the last two .
anthony and amy have mixed feelings about the rawley's talk . dorothy enjoyed the comments part at the end . anthony will read some of rawley's papers for sure .
kimberly has started learning german . she already knows the basics from high school . she finds the language challenging .
theresa , dario and arlene are going for drinks after the lecture .
dave won't attend the lubljana conference , he was already in bratislava . gary can come to krakow the week after , so he and jean could see dave . dave can get there by pendolino . gary would like to visit ausschwitz . dave suggests the aircraft museum instead . dave's been in poland 20 years .
mary can't find the car . jenny reminds her that she parked it in front of tesco's main entrance .
cameron describes the guardian blind date ratings scale . alex criticizes the guardian readers .
sandra is waiting for jude and jack . jude is coming by train with anna whereas jack is driving with welma . they're going to have lunch at a portuguese restaurant in about 2 hours .
bam asks katy to go on a date on friday at 7 . 30 .
olga and michal will go see a movie together at 8 .
angela didn't reply to john's message immediately .
kimberley , lexie and lisa will meet for coffee .
dawson is unsure about the arranged sailing trip . justin convinces her it will be fine .
monica doesn't want to come alone to see the writer , because she's shy . melinda won't join her . roxy has to think about it .
thomas feels the need to talk about the book he is editing as he feels it is rubbish .
helen and walt are going to carol's birthday party but kate isn't invited . kate will be going out with her friend instead .
filomena sent laura the file with the keywords .
madison and jason are about to meet . madison is leaving with someone and jason will wait for them in front of the building . madison has a new car .
simon can't pick up the kids from school , because he has to finish a project at work . shona reproached him for being irresponsible . she will reschedule the day and pick up the kids from school .
betty almost finished reading the book william lent her . he needs it , so she will bring it tomorrow .
kate and harry missed 134 . tom recommends taking 43 .
lavinder asked her son , george , to bring tomatoes but he forgot .
mary , charlotte and lilly are impressed with jessica's performance on tv . lilly is now going to call and congratulate jessica .
greg is happy , because frank has negotiated a new deadline . greg was on sick leave and lost two weeks .
maria , laura and tobi will meet and talk in the library when people are gone .
john is on his way to meet jimmy at jeevanjee .
marina looks for ted and bill , but they chose a different concert . they will meet at 11 . 15 at the hot dog stall near the main tent . marina is not drinking .
mary and thomas were told last week about a biology test tomorrow . jason didn't know as he was sick .
dereck and martha send birthday wishes to leslie . they all will meet tonight .
frank and susy will get sushi , which makes susy happy .
stacy is angelica's maid of honor . they go through the to do list again list of songs for the dj , flower arrangements and angelica's bouquet , etc . make up and hair artists will be at angelica's at 10 am to prepare angelica and stacy . nick has got the rings .
westin and izayah have never seen 'beasts of the southern wild' . westin is considering giving it a try .
the deadline for the project is next monday . monica will be angry if veronica , macy and sloane don't meet the deadline .
francesca is stressed as brian wants them to go on a dancing course . she can't dance and she's afraid she's not going to learn , whereas brain is very insistent . blake and vivienne persuade her it's a good idea . in case the course doesn t work for her the girls can take this course instead .
kathleen does not agree with the suggestions elisabeth does for the trip . elisabeth finds kathleen's behaviour difficult to organise something for . she threatens to show kathleens messages to the coordinators .
kim asks them to stop arguing with tim because he is deranged .
mark prefers old songs of david guetta to the new ones . recently , he's also got interested in the 90s music . his father played in a rock band and he met mark's mother at one of his concerts .
harvey can't respond to a call . mike asks to be called back .
dave needs to come back to his office urgently to send all the project files he has on his computer . he forgot his key to the office . jess is still in the office , but she needs to leave in 5 minutes . emily can pop in if necessary because she is just 2 minutes away .
carl blocked his e bank account because he entered a wrong password . now he needs to go to the bank .
mona and clair think maria looked amazing in the red dress and both don't know where she bought it . maybe anna will know , but probably she won't tell them .
dorothy and peter are going to ciao a tutti . there were no free tables to book and they will go anyway and wait . their plan b is to go to another italian restaurant nearby .
priti met ben from camp during an interview for a ta position she applied . he was sitting in the room and blushed when he recognised her .
roger's flight from barcelona has just touched down . he might have lunch with lydia at the office . lydia has something for roger .
ashleyh will come behind the building in 5 minutes .
marcin is in rome but he's not particularly happy with the hotel and he has no specified plans for today . cora is going shopping after work and marcin asks her to buy him headphones .
harden gets advice on what printer to buy .
jayden doesn't want to have children now . she tells brennan how awful and unfair it is for a woman to be pregnant . brennan doesn't agree and decides to end the conversation .
daniel was in manchester . he stayed in the centre in an apartment . he enjoyed the christmas market .
jesus will come tomorrow with the fee slip .
claire is testing ice skating rinks . she's already been to alexandra park and national history museum . she is going to the crystal palace today . she wants penny to join her , jack , and tina but penny is busy with mike's birthday preparations . jack and claire have their own skates , tina doesn't .
karen has just landed . mary and amanda are waiting in the arrivals hall .
gls will get mike's package soon .
alice's meds are working . alice and jack are having lunch together tomorrow .
nicholas made a nice armor from foam for the live action role playing .
lucas has a dentist appointment tomorrow . he won't be in the office in the morning .
thierry and cecile want to travel to rome a week before the new year's eve . tom is unsure about his plans , but suggests thierry some places to stay at and promises to find the best price for a room for two .
karen forgot her key to the office . she's waiting at the entrance . mary will be there in 2 minutes to let her in .
joanne wants kate to clean the kitchen up after work .
rich has to hurry up .
rafaella will get mina three jars of nutella .
trevor and martin's team won the match . trevor , martin and vince are very happy about that .
jake is feeling unwell after yesterday's party . jake acts like an adolescent .
she was here but hasn't noticed anything .
todd picked the package up from the post office for grace .
jillian enjoyed their trip to dubrovnik in croatia though it was pricey . carlos and jenny are thinking about going there next summer but they will go to split as it's cheaper .
bart will pick up andy and they will go see the movie bohemian rapsody at 7 30 pm tonight .
carol is at the square . andrew can't see him . carol can see andrew .
joseph will bring some beer and stephanie will bring some wine .
pippo , mario and maryam will go for a beer to jack's tonight after work at 7 . 30 .
eliana's child stained addison's mobiles . she changed the baby's diaper on eliana's couch and left the dirty one there . eliana used to be fun . now she's not .
becky is angry because fiona set her up for a blind date .
savannah helps mike make a choice . she thinks the first ones are better .
lisa is looking for ian . his bike is still here so maybe he went to ron .
ann was a witness to an accident on the brooklyn bridge . the man putting traffic cones was hit by a truck and pronounced dead on the way to the hospital . ann asked for a day off because she was traumatized .
karen is still missing 3 transfers from people for xmas gifts for children and the teacher . they're thinking about getting the kids a small lego set each .
jeff and fred are discussing who they are going to vote for as they have to choose between an experienced but smarmy candidate and a more sensible but inexperienced one . the decision seems to be tough . they also agree to go for a drink after work to a new place by the mall .
netflix will stop to produce daredevil series .
josh is on the train , alan checks on him .
casper is travelling to iceland . john has a friend that travelled to iceland and has written about it on her blog . he will put casper in touch with her .
rita and pam won't build a snowman , because there is no snow .
parker and nora had a fight , but they already made it up . daniel is gossiping that they've broken up .
thea left the party early because she didn't feel very well . she will get some rest after a hard week at work .
alex told laura he was seeing someone . alex was with annie for 4 years . laura has to finish the work assignment tonight .
sara is waiting at home for knox .
stacy managed to buy tickets for shakira's concert . lilly is trying to buy as well , but the website doesn't load up for her .
odin is going somewhere with lilly tomorrow . reyna can't drive with them because they don't have space in the car . reyna will take her own card and ring her younger brother along .
kaya will pick up javion at his house in 4 hours and they will go to a new food point .
john will join tom at the cafeteria in 15 minutes .
mary is looking for a shop where they sell maple syrup .
pola had an unexpected visitor on her porch . she didn't have anything to feed it .
eliza and elijah are going to the dinner at his parents' house . they have both forgotten that cindy had birthday yesterday , and eliza thinks of buying her the cups she was thrilled with last time .
nicky is in madrid , having a great time .
kate painted the living room wall on her own . she painted it dove grey .
cathreen enjoyed her meet with ruth and the presents she was given . cathreen cancels this afternoon's meeting as she is feeling unwell .
keith broke up with hayley .
ronald miss his dentist appointment again .
william is mad at elizabeth because she told tom that william won the contest .
oscar has bought 1000 worth of car parts for essential repairs on leonel's car . leonel is unhappy with the amount spent . oscar wants to discuss in person at the station .
john needs to cancel the meeting today as he has to stay with jamie . john will see patricia on wednesday at 4 p . m .
jeff is coming to boston common at 8 . 30 tonight to meet anton and charles for a beer .
julia enjoyed 'the first man' with ryan gosling . kat wants to watch it too .
ralph , quentin and jess will go to pret to have some food .
eric shares a facebook post of their friends finally announcing their relationship . frank thinks they are perfect for each other .
this weekend kelly is going to ikea by car to buy a sofa and a few more little things . petra needs to buy a new mirror as her nephew bumped into her bedroom mirror last weekend and broke it .
felicity will pick up alonso who broke his leg .
they probably like an old fashioned restaurant with traditional food . there is no such place in the city .
michael jackson's new songs may not be really his .
andy is about to repair doris' birds' feeder . andy can make the current feeding table last a couple of years more . doris agrees to keep it . andy has to get a new screw , as the one doris provided is not adequate . doris will pay andy back for the screw .
lucy and taylor like alvaro's newest hit .
nicole has recently moved in with david and describes jackie their life together . jackie shares her experience about her life with bob .
emilia was at the gynaecologist's yesterday and everything went well .
kris is leaving the place and is afraid of loneliness . nicola was pregnant with kris .
lexi gave christiano a link to the platform with next week's assignment .
adam will take the kids to grandma at mary's request .
brenden has bought that card for 28 euros . melany believes brenden is too old to travel on a reduced fare .
seth and carlos flew from vientiane , laos to bangkok , thailand today and are travelling south . elijah is jealous because of the bad weather here .
abigail , daffy and omena have seen the wedding video that is beautiful .
ella throws a housewarming party . she invites isaiah . she broke up with julian . she is seeing david .
gerardo would like to rent a motorbike or quad for a month . becky and her flatmates are interested in renting carts . becky and her friends pass after finding out that there are no vehicles of their interest , and the ones that are available are not insured .
enzo is having bad asthma attacks . simon will bring the salbutamol inhaler for enzo .
matt will pick the window shades from the furniture store at around 4 pm . andre got these shades on cyber monday on best buy for 5 bucks each .
matilde is leaving in 10 minutes and evan is waiting outside .
steven needs to have his hybrid car fixed . nathan recommends tom .
val finds it great to wake up earlier these next two weeks together with his cat and dog . he'll send dagnah some photos of them later on .
anthony and elena will buy 2 floaties on amazon .
max will bring red wine .
deb didn't meet danie during his last visit .
the presidents attended a funeral today . he didn't speak to most of them . his approval is at an all time low .
martin and tom are going to meet next year to play cards and have a drink together at martin's .
jerry is coming back home . there might be a leak in the bathroom . jerry will call the tenant .
charlie has a date on friday . she's looking for a discount card for topshop or mango . victoria has a topshop card . victoria , charlie and julia are going shopping on thursday .
lola lived in latin america and were selling handcrafts for 6 months . she wrote an article about it .
a sex tape was filmed on the roof of a building .
vicky and mike visited ted and dinna . there was a delay during the stopover in london . now it's snowing in ted and vicky's place , and in boca there was a thunderstorm last night .
henry and mom are at home . henry checked their mom's blood pressure and sugar levels and she's fine . peter got worried about her as she's not picking up . peter will be home on sunday morning .
marcus starts new job on the 3rd . marcus and steve will meet for beer tomorrow .
william and sarah just moved to merida after a long drive from cancun . they had problems finding their accommodation . the house is two bedroomed but they are using one . the area around the house and the house itself is nice . william will invite morah and others for a slide show when they are back .
amelia has come back from australia . zara and jamie missed her and they all want to meet as soon as possible .
lucy's brother is obese . betty will talk to lucy . victor and monica will let betty know if they find some solution .
margaret's granddaughter is feeling better . margaret is going to church for carol singing . she wants to take sophie with her . zachary agrees .
kyle didn't have to drive to the kindergarten at 7am before work .
trinity hasn't paid violet for december and january yet . trinity will make the transfer today .
joanne sends hannah a picture .
patricia has her birthday and gets birthdays wishes from vicki .
tim , maria , andrea and tommy are going to birgit . tommy will take red wine with him .
jim and jane have been calling each other at moments when the other one couldn't talk . jane will call jim around 8 .
mia and john will meet at 8 30 pm in front of the church .
tom , yann , thomas , maddie and jamie dislike their neighbors . the neighbors excluded benjamin from the group chat .
amy's still in a lot of pain . robyn's still having issues . leslie will try to talk to her . leslie's kids are doing fine . amy should be back at work in january .
maria , terry and jeff are departing at 18 35 . the boarding is at 18 05
gabrielle and her children are coming to timothy's for lunch at 2 . they will eat carrot .
andy and sam are going for a beer in an hour .
camilla is not taking piano lessons anymore but she and logan are still playing . camilla has a piano in galgate . she made a scone this evening .
jenny is staying in town for the new year s eve as she hates travelling at that time . she's seeing her friends who are throwing out a party for around twelve people out of whom rob knows mike and jessy . he'd like to join as he has no plans , so jenny will call him tomorrow .
holly needs bob to go back to the corner store to purchase ice .
hallie , clara and jessica don't plan to attend yoga session today .
sarah has a new dog and is thinking about calling him button .
petra and ahmed like a bakery on north main street . also the father of petra likes it very much . the owner of the bakery is originally from austria . ahmed believes the bakery is a town landmark . petra and ahmed will go there together this weekend .
shirley bets 50 that theresa may will resign within a week , whereas ralph bets 50 that she will stay and come up with a new deal related to brexit . may didn't agree with brexit .
rick has broke up with his girlfriend over comic books . dave didn't know rick had a girlfriend
jordan and judy will order fisherman's dream pizza for dinner .
maria has just returned from canada . she found quebec very european . joan thinks it resembles new england . maria invites lena and joan over on friday at 7 pm to talk about her trip . she also has gifts for them .
jill invites leo to visit her and her husband in eskilstuna , sweden in june . leo is unsure as he will have to find a new job after he quits by the end of march . he will also be travelling to spain mid may , and graduating mid june .
jimmy had a kazoo delivered from china . he sends karen videos with kazoo music .
vivianne is behind frank .
it's 4 am , kuba can't sleep and klaudia just came back from work . she works as a waitress sometimes at her parents' friends who organise different events . kuba needs to go to sleep as he goes horse riding tomorrow in skierniewice .
michael borrow is entitled to additional parking spaces for around usd 300 month . he will pass this on to his employees .
evelyn wants to book a studio in italy via booking . com using somebody else's credit card . phil advises to ask the studio how to settle the payment .
lena is heading to meet ollie at the movies in 15 minutes . there's a strike and riots going on outside , and lena is worried about her own safety . lena will stay behind the policemen that are going the same way as her . the riots seem quieter now . lena will let enid know when she's at the movies .
mike and steve will meet this week . steve will call mike .
channing , gerry and dyson are bringing different types of alcohol to kels party .
joe is looking to make a supplier deal with tara's company . tara will check the details and then would like to talk in person over lunch next thursday at 12 . tara will send joe an address later .
meriem is helping chaima choose a dress for chaima's birthday party next week . she suggests brands like asos , misguided , or boohoo .
jason is coming down to open the door .
katie bough a pregnancy test and lucy and amy will be with her at her place tomorrow at 11 am when she takes it .
brian entered the bathroom this morning and it was full of water . michaela told him to call a plumber . brian will try to fix the broken pipe .
rebeca is going to see a doctor , she suspects she has a flu .
mark hopes tanya enjoyed her birthday . mark will visit tanya asap .
hillary and greta will go shopping for monochromatic , dark trousers with wool size 8 for greta . they will go on wednesday after work .
easton is buying max a handbag for her birthday .
serena and chloe have a hangover .
moira sent both initial versions of the plan to sue and jay . sue will review it .
ashton managed to get on his plane after queueing long . he will write to arabella after he's landed .
harris's friend aoki died yesterday . they suspect suicide . harris hasn't seen her lately as she lived in michigan .
jim , sara , dan , olivia and mary will meet at about seven .
william became unconscious in mall due to low blood pressure . noah worries about him . noah wants to come back and continue studies there . william doesn't approve of that idea . he will see a doctor in few days .
amy charges 60zł per english lesson . mike will call her back if he makes his mind .
andrew is looking for a job as a professional translator and lecturer of english and spanish . kate got andrew's cv in english and in spanish .
laurien and grace met yesterday in a bar . they arrange to meet each other again tomorrow at 6 pm in the cafe next to the bar .
shawn will buy cheese for jacob in tesco .
carl bought a new philips ambilight 55 e524532 tv because the old one is broken .
it's sunny but cold , only 2 degrees .
dan is looking for a 2 bed flat in bath for about 3 months starting on june .
daniel will go to the dentist as his wisdom tooth is erupting .
josh will join calvin's team tomorrow at 8 for the escape room , pub and clubbing .
penny is going to wear a black dress to the company dinner .
today mcdonald's offers a bigmac with large fries for 5 bucks .
carol will send an email to her professor saying that she will bring the essay next week .
louis is on the bus and has realised he has forgotten the charger . brittany thinks nick might have one . louis will inform brittany when he gets there .
peter is looking for pauline . pauline asks him to go home without her .
wendy and mark arrived to havana yesterday night . they stay in an apartment in the old town , found on airbnb . lulce prepares the breakfast , cleans and helps with transport , but speaks just spanish . wendy has poor internet connection . they walk a lot . they stay other 3 days and then go to varadero .
wayne thinks danielle is suspecting they're throwing her a surprise party tomorrow as she keeps asking about the plans and she also saw a receipt from a decorations store .
paul will join them at the clubs tonight .
lisa's boyfriends liked a t shirt of jack . she wants to get one for her boyfriend as a birthday gift . jack doesn't know where the t shirt is from .
ralph wants ruth to take the dog for a walk . she doesn't want to because it is dark and raining , but gives in .
gary and sara are at papaya playa project , but they are about to leave in order to eat dinner . gary and sara will eat breakfast with eva tomorrow .
jake sells swimming suits in his shop , but he doesn't have an xxxl size there .
tobias and trevor are meeting for a beer at 9 at tobias's place .
nash , hodgson and brent are playing tomorrow . hodgson will bring his neighbour .
renee's car has a flat .
mario is going on his 885th festival , which made him a legend and an inspiration for others .
jake should transfer larry 20 quid for the gift for peter's 30th birthday .
boon proposes sex to martha . she's not interested .
sean has a flight after 6 pm tomorrow .
lisa has a family in madrid . she visits them once a year . lisa and isabel consider going there together in the future .
kenneth is going to sweden and wants to top up his account to make phone calls abroad .
lydia's husband committed a suicide . lydia cabral was a class mate in high school with lucienne , mile and caroline .
sash needs to meet caron , so she decides to come to caron before 12 , when caron's out . caron wants sash to hurry as she need to go out .
tina won't be able to come on thursdays any more , because her timetable has changed . karen still wants tina to teach her children . tina can come in the evenings . tina will look for someone willing to teach karen's children on thursdays .
anastasia will be late 10 minutes and hilary will order her a latte .
nick had a control in the subway when coming back from charles yesterday . since he had the discount card only for train , he got a fine .
gloria is looking for a vacuum cleaner and she is shocked to hear nat has a spare one . gloria is not sure if she wants it .
ashley and kristy loved diane's jewelery . they asked her for the producer's name . she tells them it's an artisan's workshop called locke's .
the name of the girl whom don and fred met on sunday at joe's is alicia .
bruce's favourite pasta has a pink ribbon on the package .
patty and selma are going to the club today at 9 .
anna says hi to herbert and tomasz .
emily is looking for swimmers to participate in a race . she wants michael to help .
lucy can't find the shop , ian forgot to tell her it's somewhere else .
jack is behind maria .
charlie forgot his keys . adam is at sam's place . charlie will go to sam's place to get keys from adam .
the wife of beth's brother died yesterday of a bee sting .
david has no news about a box . he is in poland because his granny died .
glenn's friend wants to know how amber lost the weight so fast . amber will share the details over the phone .
the weather is bad , it has been raining for two days now .
jackson is sending madison a lot of gifs .
tracey's and kale's brothers are playing soccer tonight . they are in different teams . kale's brother plays for the gladiators and tracey's brother plays for the huskies . kale and tracey will meet there .
peggy and matilda advise noah to wear a suit and dark colours to the funeral he is attending soon .
john is having a costume party at his house at 8pm . john is going to be a clown and aaron wants to come as a cowboy .
marta spends time with her sister . lukass also , but his sister ignores him and is mad at him , because he always tells her what to do .
monica and ross want to book a cooking class at cook up for their mother as a birthday gift . the class costs 150 .
maria will be about 15 minutes late to a meeting with james and eduardo . she wouldn't like to keep them waiting , so she asks them to take a sit and order .
sue uploaded a picture taken during dan's birthday party .
coralie's father will not agree to her having a car at her young age . her mother understands that commuting to school by train takes a long time . cristina agrees that it is a better idea for her daughter to talk about it with her father personally .
ted loves megan . ted is on his way to see megan in 5 .
harry owes tom money . he will transfer it in 5 minutes .
mia is on the train , close to stuttgart with 50 minutes of delay . lucca , her baby is sleeping . mia visited her parents for christmas . they are 76 and 68 . mia went with their parents tobogganing .
darcy explains to benny and cory how the protonmail works . cory has nothing to hide apart from his photos .
alice would like julia to give math lessons to her 12 year old daughter , who has problems with geometry . they arrange the first , 1 hour long lesson to be on saturday at 11 .
kieran has problems with his math homework . amy has the answers to the excercises 3 6 but isn't sure about them . kieran will look through her answers .
jake is sorry for what he has told reese yesterday . she doesn't forgive him . he is desperate .
alex passed her exam . monica's exam is due next tuesday .
leah will make a copy of the article about the history of feminism for arianna .
elena cannot remember the title of the essay they wrote in class last friday and blake finds it out for her . it was what was the impact of superpowers on economy and society in cuba ?
ann and mathew are going to meet in the hall and go eat something .
anne and jude move their date to tomorrow .
sam went on a blind date , with a guy she met on a dating app . they had dinner and went for a walk .
jay's coming to lily's birthday on 15 november . he'll stay for 3 4 days . emily wants to meet .
fred likes the young pope and house of cards . tom prefers house of cards , while chris likes the young pope more . fred and chris agree that the best version of all along the watchtower was recorded by jimi hendrix .
kaleigh is going to library . marc is still eating , he'll come soon .
grandma is still slow at texting .
linda found out that her ex student had passed away and is interested in going to his funeral .
andie thought she didn't take the keys with her , but it turned out she did . she had some of hugh's pickles . some people came to check the vents , andie let them in and signed .
tatiana can't come to natacha today because of an exam . she has to come in two weeks because next week natacha is on holiday .
brad has clients in the morning so he can't receive isaac . he is busy in the evening until 8 pm . they will meet next week .
zayn lost his sunglasses . there is a chance that roy took them .
nate has no more time to read , he has to work .
ersin has been sick and hasn't heard about rose's birthday party after work tonight . the entire team is coming so corin insists that he be there too . ersin might leave early if he's unwell .
laura is worried about riri because she's not answering her phone . jake informs that riri is sleeping .
laylah has been blackmailed by him for a long time .
cam wants to catch up with sam . sam is very busy now and next week too . she will let cam know if she has some spare time to meet .
for the visit of jim's sister this weekend , kate wants to bake the cake she ate at emma's . next time emma is going to teach kate how to make cake bottoms .
phil and patricia chose french language classes , kayah german . odo will choose between french and basque .
anette wants to organize a reunion new year pint , and anette is down . peter can't join as he's in tanzania .
sebastian recommends a new series he's watching on hbo go . it's about a dealer in warsaw , it's based on a book . rose has hbo go , so tessa will come and bring the brownies she has made , and they will watch it together .
linda has a present for mary .
andrew found a new tarantula species in guyana . he went there with the wwf . they also found another 30 new species .
natalie chooses white wine for dinner .
lily had a husband , who died in iraq in a horrible way .
molly is supposed to be taking vitamins twice a day . her headphones will not be fixed for friday but she prefers to wait rather than buy a new pair . molly and her parents are going to attend a family reunion on saturday .
jane has visited scotland and thinks it's beautiful . jeff wants to book cheap flights .
neville wants to use jordan's exercise set , because drew likes athletic men .
paul and sophia are spending new years together in a spa .
megan has birthday today , and she's going to meet with her family . megan will get a surprise cake . megan and peter are going to see each other on tuesday .
minnie , max and luke are going from cardiff to lanzarote on the 2nd of february and coming back on the 9th . the flights are 111 each . minnie is doing the booking . they'll stay in an inland hotel with a pool and a bar because it's about 200 cheaper than by the beach .
the sas course that aidan is doing is okay but very intense . aidan thinks it's acceptable as it's free but he wouldn't pay for it .
patrick and dominic are visiting their uncle for dinner on saturday . they haven't seen each other for a long time and they are happy they can catch up . they will arrive at 6 p . m . their parents are also coming . sarah and her parents will also be there .
cody will come over to martha's at 7 and they will watch a film then possibly go out . martha refuses to watch a marvel film this time .
shannon ordered toys for the kids . sheila could not buy gift for maddy before the weekend . she is sick again and has a cold , but she did not go to the doctor yet . kate sent sheila photos and they agreed that option 2 will be perfect for maddy . kate sent also a post that sheila should read .
john is at the entrance . jerry and mary are inside at one of the big tables .
toby and leah will go for a movie at 7 pm tomorrow .
alison and phoebe want to escape the cold and move to hawaii . julia is scepitcal .
cindy got promoted .
vic and edgar need a torchlight . vic will take his two headlamps for himself and edgar .
elise and daisy both have fiancees . hayden feels very lonely because she's single . she's tired of dates . hayden liked derek , but he doesn't call her anymore .
david is going to the beach on new year's eve to see the fireworks . richard and robert are staying at home .
maria will arrive on thursday . robin will try to meet maria at the airport . the flight will last for 4 hours and 20 minutes .
jen came to meet john as arranged so she's very dissatisfied he's not going to make it .
brian's coming with 3 people to the arena . the route he suggested is good and 1 hour will be enough . alex can wait in front of the arena if brian comes early as he lives nearby .
carl asks clare not to be late tomorrow .
jay and sophie are getting ready for tonight .
blake is at the airport waiting for his flight to paris . christmas is near .
cathie can't join monica today because she has a lot of work to do .
ellie and hugh are going on a camping trip . hugh can't find his pillow , but ellie will bring a spare one . they are taking sandwiches and tomato soup for the road .
mary instructs jennifer on how to prepare a presentation on global warming . jennifer will give the presentation on friday . it'll be her first with such a vast audience .
julian has two foxes in his garden . the foxes opened some bin bags and made a mess , but they do not bother julian .
walter and khandi are afraid the bonuses will arrive late as nobody has seen last month's sales numbers yet . they're unhappy with the poor condition of their company .
chris , derek and richard are talking about the way the current first lady is presented in the media . chris is not a native speaker of english and he is offended by richard's joke he misunderstands .
bob hasn't seen new house of cards episode , because he is busy with school .
anna is wondering if clair paid the internet bill since it's not working .
chris and anna will go to the concert tomorrow . lia and isabel will probably be there too .
eve prefers the conversation to be spam free .
noah can't find his iphone .
anna is renting her 55 square meter 3 room flat with a small balcony . it is situated on the 5th floor and there is a lift in the building . john is interested in the offer but needs to see the floor plan first .
terry forgot to take his yellow pills . greg will send them to his hotel and terry should have them by wednesday .
mike is angry because of the dissatisfied customer whose radio broke down after two years of usage . sue believes that a radio costing 200 should last longer . the device has a warranty and will probably be fixed .
fiona's conservative views seem wrong and archaic for mike and glen .
elisabeth wants mary to stop contacting her boyfriend . mary blocks elisabeth .
tess is eating less but still putting on weight . she will try going to the gym to exercise based on sally's advice .
john , ben , sarah and maddie give sally pizza recommendations in exeter .
john is going to wash his plant .
tricia needs some recommendations about a good dentist , and madison recommends dr ostrovsky who she had a complicated root treatment with .
amelia votes for the black one , whereas olivia for the red one .
trevor found cheap early bird tickets for the festival . chelsea cannot afford it and doesn't know if she can go anyway . trevor is also looking for the accomodation . ethan and levy like the big and cheap apartment they had 2 years ago .
kyle is going to visit london between 15th and 19th of december . he is going to meet stan and rob for a drink on sunday 16th at 7 pm at the fox in dalston . jennifer is not going to come because she's giving classes .
joe applied for a position of a copywriter , but the company is not recruiting now . he sent them his portfolio and a brochure .
monica was thinking about vacation . she proposed a photo safari in africa . floyd agreed to go with monica . she booked two weeks in tanzania in july .
by bob troye meant bring own booze , not robert .
norman took a video of marco being attacked .
shannon is sick and can't come to the meeting with chris today . she probably has flu , with a headache , runny nose and fever . she's seeing a doctor later this afternoon .
glen didn't get the text cecil sent him yesterday . glen has time today .
john couldn't come to the party . peter loved the party .
becky told jenny that tracie is engaged .
fran's red heels are in her car .
anne cancelled her today's appointment with dr kumar at 7 pm . tamara_reception sends her a link to their reservation system on their website so that anne can book another appointment next tuesday .
dan will be back in the air next wednesday and is not coming back before the weekend . he will meet with hady next month .
kay needs to check important private emails . there were some problems with the internet , but it should work fine now .
vera invited some colleagues from her new job to a get together party . she is looking for a game . olga recommends a game called mafia . vera wants olga to join the party on friday evening .
sid has a song stuck in his head and casie discovers it is super girl .
there is no need to buy plastic cups or cutlery . around 10 people are coming and arthur should buy 1 litre of juice and soda per person . the beverages should be of different flavours . joanne will buy some nachos and tracy will bring guacamole with 5 avocados , hummus , carrots and celery .
seth's pet oreo that he got when he was 10 is feeling worse and they're thinking of putting him down . tim is busy at work and susan is on a business trip to vienna .
edith and archie have to prepare company holiday cards . they consider using the logo of the company and designs from previous years . edith will look at their supplier's web site to see what they offer .
paula invites todd to watch anna and yatera free jazz band in harris tonight at 9 . they already saw yatera play last week in bonobo . paula cannot be late as she will be taking pictures . todd will join later .
dee is trying to visit caron , but due unfavorable circumstances both of them decide not to do it several times . finally , they decide to go out dressed in a smart casual way . caron will be at dee's place around 8 .
chris needs andy's advice on where to plant gooseberry bushes . andy suggests planting them half shade and giving them a good soak . andy reminds chris about not pruning the bushes and covering the soil around them .
walter had his first date with alice today . he likes her a lot . andrea set him up with her . they're going out again tomorrow .
chandler is looking for some easy jazz tunes for his daughter to play on the piano . chandler also plays the piano . dinah and leo suggest some jazz songs although they play in a punk band .
carol and sandra will meet at starbucks today .
catty will get dark bread for diane .
sheila saw an elderly lady walking her cat without a leash . she would like to adopt a pet but she needs to find a job first .
alex will send peter all emails about the sale .
meryl and roberta are going to the gala but clint isn't as he's tired .
kaz and matt's cat thinks that kitchen sinks make great cat beds . matt thinks that cats are mean and they take pleasure in what is inconvenient to people . matt is coming home about 8 pm . matt might buy kaz a mars bar on his way home .
amanda's and victor's mum wants to have a family dinner on friday but victor has already made other plans .
anna will pick bill up in 20 minutes and they will go to the beach together , since they haven't been there for a month .
mary no longer has that green nail polish . she threw it out .
drew hasn't contacted nancy lately . drew has been busy at work . drew will visit nancy on tuesday .
the general questions in who wants to be a millionaire were difficult today . the one about strobing and the one about the 1 dollar bill were of special interest to harry , will and meg . any woman should be able to answer a question about strobing .
audrey will join matt studying in one of the campus buildings . they will eat at flaming wok before studying together .
ali has just arrived in berlin , but simon and kate are still at work , so they will pick him up later .
kelly will buy dark chocolate for her mother .
maria forgot where she parked her car . tobias is coming down to help .
lewis will meet jenny at 4 . 30 . lewis will meet his dad at 6 .
arhtur is outside waiting for sadie , who is late .
ethan and abigail exchange ideas about christmas gifts . they want to buy new kindle and ebooks for mum , bird watching set for dad , a bag for granny and a book for uncle stevie who's coming for christmas eve .
oliver's sister is travelling from edinburgh to london in the next 24 hours so she might be able to deliver an important document .
jeff is starting to write an essay due tomorrow .
krystian saw a woman with big breasts on the subway .
alice was cold at her meeting with simon , but he gave her his jacket .
samantha's parents aren't home .
helen prefers to order a pizza rather than eat sausages and mash potatoes in the cafeteria today .
some people have not delivered their essays yet . some of them provided explanations . it's 5 days after the deadline . tom will write an e mail to the people who missed the deadline . ann and tom will bring alice the rest of the essays tomorrow at 4pm . alice is leaving for graz for 5 days tomorrow .
ralph is trying to hire a cleaning service for his office . judy will help ralph with looking for a company willing to take the job immediately .
melody finished a big project today . she's going to rest a little and then she hopes to get something else . her last project was complicated but well paid . damon has bought a few t shirts . his sister's wedding is in a month , so he needs to prepare for that .
sunny has a toothache , but doesn't want to go to the dentist until monday . queen will bring her some painkillers .
rufus ate harry's shoelaces and needs to be taken to the vet today . harry will set up an appointment with mr . marshall and pick up tiffany after work .
jayson and mary are going skiing to whistler next week .
terry is feeling better . terry reckons the new project will start next week but adelaide finds it hard to believe .
emma , daniel and possibly amy will visit brian and carol for dinner tonight . carol will do the shopping on the way home .
fay and irene will watch a movie together at 10 .
alison might be a bit late for the tomorrow's meeting at jake's place because of the violin lesson at 11 .
guillermo has finished his presentation and the teacher praised him for it . anabella is very happy to hear it .
sometimes simon gets tired with parenting and jokes about letting someone rent his children for a day . danie offers to do it .
james will buy something to eat , because girls are coming tonight .
rachel will be home tomorrow evening . steve is coming at 6 . 50 heading straight home . steve just has one meeting at 1 pm tomorrow . steve will get some dinner and wait for rachel at home .
joanne tried a new way of preparing french toast .
bianca and paul saw beavers in the river .
melanie has cancer . she's in a hospice . she cannot talk but understands what is being said . she has 3 kids , the oldest is 11 . sue went to see her last thursday . next friday sue and rose will go to visit melanie together .
sarkadi is throwing a party at saturday at his place . piotr , boris and natalia will come . tadeusz , marek , klaudia and dorota will try to come but aren't sure yet . ozan is out of town . the guests can bring other people if they let sarkadi know . sarkadi lives on the other side of the river .
marcus refuses to dance but he might break into the white house , which daniel would enjoy .
kate goes to the bakery . julia wants to join kate .
morgan and abby will attend an important meeting .
jerry smoked weed . he is stoned .
adam breaks up with kia because he is going to be away for three months to go to a football camp . they just started dating and kia cannot accept his devotion to football .
sofia and logan watched game of thrones yesterday . logan thinks joffrey will be crowned following stark's death . sofia likes john . next episode will air next sunday .
smith will see alex in his office at 10 15 . alex has an urgent call at 9 50 . alex will let someone know to deliver the thiel files from their bullwell office .
seb missed the last race of the season , but he did see will smith and hamilton and he loved it .
marla cooks veggie meals for the whole family . veronica eats vegetables but doesn't eat fruits lately . marla found out from her coworker that fruits will make you fat when eaten at night , but veronica is sceptical and will look it up on google .
trish prepared room 876 for an early check in . 453 is turnt over . some guests left good reviews of the place .
cristina is amazed by the bouquet she received from steeve .
gina has returned and kevn wants to go for a drink .
zoe finishes at around 6 pm . liam is going home now . he'll do the laundry . they will have sushi for dinner .
bonnie destroyed the laundry basket because she was scared .
john was fired as other staff members complained about his performance . he's sceptic about finding a new one as christmas is approaching .
marty will come to kas at 123 station st . warrick to see the sofa on tuesday at around 6 pm .
paula , indira and yuval are waiting for each other .
july and gus are going to the cinema tonight . ann has to buy a new dishwasher for her mom .
josh was drunk last night and broke some things but nothing serious happened . angie is angry with him and he promises not to do that again .
lola is popping to the grocery store to change a 100 bill . she will be home soon .
emma wishes wilson happy birthday .
there's going to be cems party , andrew offers herbert to go with him . they joke about it as it's a course at the university which is attended by autists and indians .
sophia doesn't approve evelyn's hair color . she suggests evelyn should make a complaint . evelyn is going to do so .
troy took nettie's headphones without asking and nettie wants him to give them back right now .
riley will take her mum's car and will be back before 6 pm . josephine is still at work , but she has something for her daughter , so riley will step in for 10 minutes .
jack and jerry think that the gas prices are ridiculous , so they consider walking or riding their bikes again .
james is going skiing next week and wants to borrow a helmet from allen , because his is broken . allen will help him .
isaac wants to go to tahiti in 2019 . jose and molly consider going with him .
laura sent the first part of the offer via whatsapp , she will send the rest via email tonight .
autumn has booked flights to her sister's wedding in a couple of months . margo has found a website with good deals . they are both very excited .
matt fell off his bike and broke his leg on monday . matt was released from the hospital yesterday . simon sprained his toe yesterday . kate is busy , but will manage on her own .
eve hates halloween so she is not going to charlie's party with emily .
zach haven't booked his flight , because he hopes to get a better deal . fred doesn't think waiting is a good idea .
they are bewildered by what this guy said and feel responsible for his election .
tanvi cannot access the key ministries to collect data . she is meeting someone from the uk embassy tomorrow .
berry has a rash and he doesn't know why , so he has called a doctor and has an appointment tomorrow .
juliet , rose and margaret are making arrangements and are getting excited about their trip to glasgow .
logan is flying out to paris on saturday to visit his sister . holly has been there once before . logan will bring holly back a souvenir .
jim is waiting downstairs . kora and tim are going to meet jim . jim took glasses .
robin sent paul the details of the notary . the appointment is on friday at 10 am .
erin is not sure if she's going to the conference . it's free and will be streamed online . nathan planned to go but they changed the date .
karol is looking for recommendations for a christmas present for his 4 year old niece . sylwia suggests a jigsaw puzzle . monika suggests a whiteboard , marker pens and letter magnets to help the niece learn the alphabet . karol likes the idea a lot .
poppy has been invited for an interview and has to fly to italy . charlie shares his knowledge of the weather in italy this time of the year .
alex got 76 from the test . fizza got 83 . she expected more . fizza and alex will go to the movies tomorrow .
kitty won't go for holiday with sharon because she thinks she can find a better offer for the same amount of money .
charli bought a new dress and is showing it to bowen .
macey is sick , tired and her grandmother is dying .
katy needs brendon's help in the animal association tomorrow morning . they arrange to meet at 8 am to prepare meals for baby kittens and to clean the boxes of dogs and bigger cats . brendon doesn't mind that as he loves cats . he should bring a snack for the morning and they arrange a lunch later .
peter enjoyed his first day at the new job . he has his own laptop and desk . there's a senior employee assigned to him to take care of the knowledge transfer , introducing to him other people and showing him places .
miles needs to push the project . tim is working very hard on it . george has an idea which he wants to discuss over the phone .
brenda is going to arrive 30 minutes late for the meeting with dave . brenda will take sheets with homework for dave . she will take pages 56 , 57 and 58 .
maria left her black jumper in the office .
eve didn't enjoy the movie nina had picked .
both tatiana and ruby will be late .
connie and nina went to the beach for the weekend , which nina enjoyed a lot . theresa couldn't come . nina , connie and theresa are planning to go again in 6 months .
brook tells angie jane was looking for her earlier .
tyler is seeing ashley for drinks today . ashley needs to write something and then go to the uni for a while . tyler doesn't know warsaw at all as he spent there one night only . ashley will see tyler later and they will find some place together .
they charge 30 per day per car , petrol excluded , as victor says .
daria and john were in a stressful situation that zak might have witnessed . daria and john will go for a drink to a bar across the street .
bill is bored in class and starts playing jelly pop suggested by harry .
deborah made a very tasty radish kimchi from a recipe that her sister esme gave her . deborah and esme are going to meet in march on either saturday or sunday . deborah will contact esme after kosta to talk about the meeting . esme will prepare some cookies on their meeting .
susan wants andy to come home next weekend and bring his girlfriend with him . andy'll think about it .
helen is having her morning coffee . robert is debating where didgeridoos are from . helen knows they are from australia .
patty's boss touched her so ruby thinks she should call the police .
trudy , leslie and han will go for dinner to an indian restaurant this weekend .
victoria and steven are going to meet . steven will order some vegetarian food .
jacob asks larry about the keto diet . larry is on this diet and gives him advice . jacob is willing to try it .
gabe shouldn't feed the cat .
sam is in a theater on a date . he will call bob later .
anna wore a dress she designed herself . lisa liked it very much .
nick will pick matt up after 10 on saturday and they will go to the lake to do some work on the boat .
marissa wants to give gary framed pics of him and his dad as a gift . paula will send some pics of them to marissa .
frank asks joe to reserve the conference room ahead of time to avoid conflicts with others who need the space . he shall use the system they have for now even though he suggests a sign up sheet beside the door or a group calendar .
emma and noah's mother is not well . noah asks her not to cook anything for emma . noah tells emma to order food from a restaurant . she agrees .
lexie wants diana to look up .
everyone can bring someone to ann's party .
megan is afraid of cycling , because she had an accident in the past . logan , megan , john and ann will rent some bicycles to cycle through the island .
ms miller from the pharmacy gave kareen low the nose pills . she can take them with the spray with restraint and only if the nose is still blocked .
bernie , claudia , maya , alice and anna are meeting at kenny's and agnes place for a dinner at 6 pm . agnes is cooking . maya , alice and anna will get some wine .
alfred helps his mother hetty create a shortcut to a link in her hotmail .
amelia got robbed at the airport in bangkok . mary will send amelia some money .
aly and mick are discussing the current political situation in the uk .
tony , peter and laura will meet near h m in the city centre in about an hour .
lena is in a hurry . fiona told lena about some issue and asks her to pretend to mike as if she doesn't know anything . lena promises she will do that . fiona is convinced she will handle it herself .
joan and ashley want to split for a gift for jana's birthday . they are meeting tomorrow at 6pm at lower place . ashley will drive .
kate binge watched the whole season of the game of thrones .
luke went to the class and gave john's quiz .
curtis wants to throw a stag party for chris . he consults with chris over the phone and he likes the idea . alexander suggests hiring strippers . emory wants to discuss their plans over drinks . they will meet at 8 pm on saturday at the market square . alexander will be 30 minutes late .
jessica and oscar have to write a book analysis for pieter . the assignment should not exceed 2500 words . creativity is encouraged .
ian is going to a club tonight , but hudson is not joining him . ian and hudson will have some tea later .
frank will go shopping with patrick .
dominic shares a mars photo with hazel .
tristan found out from an article that each year there are more male than female children born which is linked to an evolutionary theory . shane alleges an alternative theory linked to female sperms .
john subscribed to asimov's magazine . he is planning on sending them one of his stories . peter did not have time to read it . tec did read it and gave john constructive comments .
ann is going to skate at the rink at rockefeller center tonight . it costs 35 per session plus 15 for renting the ice skates . it is too expensive for elias . he decides not to go .
nick has a new girlfriend that looks like a prostitute and is all fake . he needs a distraction from karen .
steve has got tickets for greenbook this thursday at 8 . karen is happy to go with him .
brooke failed her third exam and is worried she'll be kicked out of uni . angela and emily try to cheer her up . emily will ask her cousin to tutor brooke as she needs to resit her exams .
rupert wants to play a game . jack has sprained his ankle .
will is at the gym for the next couple of hours . gertrude will get her car fixed and give him a lift .
henry has a private account with pictures too awkward for his regular profile .
the facebook video tom found is both fascinating and confusing .
noah doesn't want to tell theo something , even though theo told noah about himself and sherry .
kerry wants to fly 20 minutes on motorglider . bill aims for 1 hour flights maximum .
matt wants to order a pizza . dylan has no allergies but doesn't like pineapple on pizza . he should come quick , otherwise there's nothing left .
moira's looking for a compact , light digital camera . her budget is around 500 pln , but she'll pay more for good quality . patrick will check it out for her .
kaleigh will go to calgary for thanksgiving . he will meet josh at dq soon to pick up his math110 notes .
mia and lia are at the canteen entrance .
andrew and william will be at monica's place in 15 minutes . andrew , william , ann and monica will take uber to get to the ceremony .
ellie is fiona's maid of honor . ellie is collecting short video messages from fiona's friends and family as a gift to her . jack likes the idea and will send his recording this evening .
bill is with eddie at the library and wants eva to come along .
janice is not getting along with eric . joey wants to patch things up between them , they are his best friends . janice will try to make up with eric .
gina and eddy are going to have prawns for dinner .
jacob ordered the uber yesterday . harry , gabe and dominic owe him 20 each .
record store on tanager street went bankrupt because now one buys records anymore . luke and dylan have not bought a cd in years .
jane is arriving at the train station at 5 pm . jane wants to take a cab but john offers a lift .
julio doesn't know if it's raining .
peter forgot to send david the money for the gift .
portugal beat estonia 7 0 .
roger's girlfriend is away for the weekend so he wants to meet up with tom .
claire is waiting for tom outside .
bianca , agnes and angelica will eat the dinner together in a moment . angelica's buying dessert in the market .
kate and philip took the leaflets for marry .
karen , tom and matt will go and see fantastic beasts together . karen wants to get matt a game . he bought red dead redemption recently . he mentioned to tom that he's interested in the new pokemon game for his nintendo . tom will help karen find out what game matt wants .
greta and elena are planning a party on saturday . they need to decide about the cost and guest list . they will meet at emma's to decorate the cake . elena will go there after her family event .
peter is organizing the upcoming trip . the date suitable for most employees is 7 9 . 12 . the company has reserved a spa in the lake district . they will travel by bus , meeting at the euston railway station and leaving at 7 . all the employees have a spa silver package they can use up to 3 treatments .
donald decided they need a bigger insurance . he didn't consulted anybody . nancy and chuck don't agree , because there is already an insurance that covers everything .
daniel is looking for ludo's number but quentin doesn't have it . quentin and daniel plan to meet with emmy and charlie soon . quentin has been having problems with his parents .
ollie , jackie , mickey , kelly talk about the scariest places and mickey picks aokigahara forest in japan , which gives kelly goose bumps .
bacallao is tired as he has been working on several reports on hiv and vaccine hesitancy .
dakota doesn't want to talk to oleg . she believe she is better off without him . oleg is angry at dakota . oleg hopes dakota will get pregnant .
brandon is looking for a photographer for his sister's wedding . frank and nicole sent brandon their recommendations . brandon loves the portfolio of natalie's best friend .
dominika will convey michelle 120 pln for the christmas gala tickets . dominika needs to print her tickets .
kate thinks that granny was surprisingly fine .
jacob and ella are watching coming to america with eddie murphy tonight .
miller hasn't been to hawaii . aliza wants to go together this year .
dorothee's looking for a bigger family car that fits 3 kids seats .
kate's father will organize a trip to croatia in september . mary needs to think about it now if she wants to join . she will inform her father about it . he was enthusiastic about the trip .
david forgot to do his homework . susan got drake's new album .
lara will help with arranging the space for the party on bill's request . lara will pop up at 5 tomorrow .
homer is going to take a nap and doesn't want to be woken up .
macey is sad . macey and jairo will go to the ice cream parlor . macey will be at jairo's house at 8 pm sharp .
alex is seating in row 7 , seats 12 and 13 .
linda has put on a lot during the last 3 months .
the home teaching offer is still available . claire is not happy with a 50 income deduction after the first month and a 10 monthly commission afterwards .
felicity and max are annoyed by her .
in mack's opinion she gave a good speech and her nervousness lent it credibility . it did not matter that she learnt it by heart , since she is a good actor . besides speeches held in the un are too important not to be memorised . ann has doubts here and did not agree with everything in the speech .
it is 12 gbp per a 60 minute lesson .
nelly's kids are at school . jane slept in a car and now she's waking up . jospehine will prepare food for her . she will take the food from the behind of the fridge . dinner for older kids is at the bottom of the fridge .
eleonore still remembers last night , she thought she would die . her husband is around all the time , and so is norris' wife , so eleonore and norris need to wait till the next week .
hector has to return his book tomorrow . he can't do this , because carmen hasn't returned it to him yet . john gave his literature notes to eric , and he also hasn't got it back .
guy will borrow his brother's jeep to help jameson with the removal next sunday .
ola's cart is horrible and mateusz's is normal . it stinks in piotr's .
matt was starring in the netflix series called 1983 .
cindy is ill , so sophia and charlie have to cancel their plans for tonight .
tom is almost finished at the office . tim wants to meet tonight at olimp at 6 . mary didn't know about his plans .
ava is fed up with tinder . the guy ava met on thursday was fine , but he did not know what he wanted and seemed to have issues .
ann , jag and ava will meet on saturday at 3 . 30 .
bill has to interrupt his rugby training to come to the choir tryout .
dia has been in cuba for 2 weeks now . dia and bibbi wished each other a happy new year , when dia bought an internet card . dia will fly back to yucatan on 7th jan . bibbi did not expect any snow for christmas , but they were snowed in within one night .
adolfo doesn't know if he comes over to monica's place tonight because he has a meeting at 6 pm .
greg and martha have mutual friends and greg wants to get to know martha . martha does not want it , because she has a boyfriend .
hbo will launch the final season of game of thrones in april .
moore received a letter from roger with an offer . he will accept the offer if roger doesn't change the previously established price .
ava is making breakfast .
mom will pick julie up from school at 3 30 and they will go and buy some products for dinner together .
mark's company urgently needs a polish translator for a six month long internal assignment . julie agrees to an improvised video conference with mark and his colleagues .
agata can't confirm mauro's friend request . agata is recovering . she doesn't leave her house .
leah just saw sylvister in a car outside her house .
kate shares a video of a cutie with jenna .
isabella and ethan are going to the mall . mason declines invitation to join them because he does not like ethan .
john is writing an essay about the new dance wave invented by clean bandit . al is not quite sure if the term indeed exists or mean anything .
haley unfollowed a lot of people , because they didn't follow her back .
susie is interested in sports activities for women taking place monday evening at 8 pm . according to helena who runs the group the session is already full . if any of the women resign , ralph will let susie know .
amelia is joining choir next week . mia is surprised . ola is sure amelia will do well .
sam is sending dorothy tom's photos . sam and dorothy are attracted to tom . sam wants to look glamorous and act casually to attract tom . sam found that tom is single .
andrew's got a sore throat . he has some meetings and hopes he won't have to talk too much in them . diana has to work at home to prepare classes and translations before noon , then she goes to therapy at 12 and in the afternoon she has school .
clair has just been notified that she's an heir to the nigerian throne and she should transfer some funds as a deposit if she's interested .
molly gets weekly insurance pay but she is not eligible for disability . dirk saw a commercial about aaron waxman law firm . molly is in pain and cannot go back to work yet .
marciano is dissatisfied with his coworkers . elliot believes that the workplace is limited to earning money and not making friendships . he focuses on relations with people he likes .
mike is doing fieldwork . he has some material but has not worked much recently hanging out with locals instead . mike and rosie will meet in cambridge .
evie needs to invest the money from chris' baptism party but doesn't want to try stock exchange as it's too risky . agatha would go for a deposit as the money is safe in the bank . evie will check mbank website .
luke is making progress thanks to patti and denny .
timothy is coming to visit regina and lorenzo in sicily tomorrow . he's gonna stay at lorenzo's . the weather is around 16 19 degrees celsius .
scientists from cern in switzerland created a truly private e mail service .
matt has never played golf and doesn't want to try .
dorothy and lucas are going to go to the laundromat .
joe will make chicken breasts with broccoli for dinner .
mindy sent adam a video of parrots .
agi and finlay returned to their homes safely last night .
toby will bring the keys in 5 minutes .
barbara didn't come to school today because she had a stomachache . she still doesn't feel very well . amelia offers to get something for barbara's stomach , bu she took something earlier .
stephen is not on crack . according to tim , stephen will not change his mind .
the canadian company venque has beautiful but expensive products .
carmen is introducing diego and tom . diego is a researcher at the university of salamanca , and is interested in tom work on spanish force units . they are meeting up in salamanca next month .
omar congratulates ollie on jonas turning 3 .
lena , kim , jeff and tom are studying for the eu law exam . malta and luxembourg are members of the eu . other microstates are not . san marino kept the referendum about joining the eu , but the result was invalid . european commission declared the eu is not adapted to the accession of microstates .
tessie is on the train to frankfurt airport and going on a trip . tessie visited the grave yesterday and decorated it . merce was there yesterday too . merce will check on the grave from time to time for tessie .
audree didn't hear the cat howling last night .
jessie is still overwhelmed , but talking to francine yesterday helped .
barry talked to her about the page 18 thing that is not either barry's or charlie's fault .
jenny's dog , male husky is missing . chloe , mike , ben and amber shared the info .
jimmy , lena , and jack are going to see cold war at 7 . 30 pm .
gunner will make sure he locks the door when he leaves and he will see gael at school .
lea missed her train from the airport and has to wait for a night bus for an hour . she has already purchased the ticket .
suzi spent christmas at home having good time with her family . mari went to dave's family that wasn t too generous and hospitable .
cole is waiting for heather at platform 1 and she must hurry up .
daniel offers danielle taking a walk together . danielle agrees but wants to take a shower first .
lori has sent serena a font sample to choose the one closest to her idea . what she would like is black navy blue letters and some elegant light font .
zack informs bronn that the gym will be open also on saturdays .
seward informs that there's no maths tomorrow . the test will be next week .
fabienne is waiting for his comics to be delivered . he wants to read the final volume before someone will spoil it . nathan will let him know once the delivery comes . fabienne will be back home in about an hour .
mia and peter will be late for the meeting with bob .
jackson , kaleigh and kala are fond of sixtynine and nicki duo and their mutual clip .
ema send wendy photos and they make fun of them and the person in them .
l . stibe should have the presentation covering all the issues president had at the last conference on hand at the meeting at 4 pm .
jeff invites sharon to visit lanzarote . there are a lot of geysers and caves and it's quite rocky .
yann's kebab business is going fine . poppy is coming to her cousin's 18th birthday on the 20th .
sienna is down to 69 percent battery life . leo will charge it for her while working .
papa can't pick up laurence from school because he must stay at work longer today . papa suggests laurence to text mom .
norma is jules's next door neighbour . it's full bin recycling tomorrow .
jane love reading . after watching game of thrones , she is reading song of ice and fire by george r . r . martin . natalie heard that the book differs from the series . jane agrees but also thinks hbo made game of thrones very good . they are both hoping netflix's adaptation of witcher will be good too .
deb and kevin went to foodie as there were no seats in the room .
they are going through some pictures from last night and agree it was awesome .
lynn and martin will probably go to portugal with their friends . martin will take care of the hotel . jane will handle transport and food and lynn will deal with the best places to visit and to party .
tina will lend jimmy her notes from yesterday .
cao and mason are waiting inside the restaurant . eva and kaleigh will join shortly .
tim and jim are planning to visit iceland in the end of june and are looking for co travelers to split the cost . jerry , amanda , and marcia are interested . they will plan the trip in the upcoming weeks .
shay wants to delete the conversation . rodger and colin don't mind since nobody's used it for months .
andrew put grace's pencil in the drawer before he left home . grace found it .
ryan is working in amsterdam until the end of november . he will meet with holly when he'll get back . holly got engaged to her boyfriend mike .
there was an ambulance at mony's place .
john lost his weight by exercising in the gym everyday , and being on vegetable juice diet for 4 weeks . melissa will meet john on thursday at 4 p . m . at the health store , so he can tell her about it .
benjamin's phone is on and it's not in flight mode . benjamin will call halima shortly due to urgent business .
there is a total whiteout weather . snowplows haven't been through . sally will try to drive . si is worried about his safety .
david bought his tickets . janette buys her tickets , urged by david . she is going to pack her luggage .
zuza found cheap tickets to norway at 200 zl and a room at the same price , which is available from 14 to 16 . zuza will book and pay everything and then maddy will pay her .
bernie checks on lisa .
jake will send drew's cv to his hr department as she's looking for a job in it .
betty is surprised to hear that kevin is seeing jessica so soon after natalie left him .
emma invited max , who is in love with her , to coffee . he said no , but she gave him her number .
john and wendy are going to the party .
uncle jason and his children will visit mom this weekend for thanksgiving celebration . mom wants jake to buy a turkey from the farm near high river . jake will text lisa to invite her to the meeting .
jane and james got tattoos .
jack and ethan were supposed to meet and do the project tonight , but ethan is not there . ethan claims zack gave him the wrong day .
mel is coming to the office as she thinks she has left her home key there .
dominika send tom and julia a video of her .
ben , jim and ken are playing today at 8 pm . mark isn't .
lucy left town and is now the train .
mike is waiting for his new tv to be delivered but doesn't know the date yet . gregory wants to see mike's new tv . eva is working home office in case a delivery man shows up . paul and mike think gregory is crazy .
jim's shower is not working . he will use carl's shower to get ready to work . carl will not be there but he left the key under the mat on the entrance .
elsa and marcus are on holiday in merida , mexico . the weather is almost always good . they are staying at a simple house in the suburban area , but they don't mind the distance because they move around by car . norma is now the only driver in her family because her partner has undergone a surgery .
mats is giving welcome to a new neighbor , bobby . they agree the neighborhood is lovely .
lia and tim left 10 minutes ago . they took mia's stuff .
rose thinks that bubbles from trailer park boys tv series is hilarious .
julie found 4 tickets for ibsen's 'nora' on the pavement today . julie , julia , marie and janice are going to the theatre .
larry and harry like jonathan pie as he's an objective journalist . neither larry nor harry have been o london . larry might go there soon .
anne is doing blood tests for her acne . mom will cook something special for her .
kenny will go to australia to work on an ai project . max offers him a bonus for doing that .
jane wants to know if they have to read a case study for tomorrow . adam thinks that they don't since there was no class last week .
it's nesting season for birds . renee and manuel watch them build nests . some birds are unsuccessful in their endeavours . some make a lot of mess .
bella will ask her mother to take her to the park .
marcus paid 50 bucks to go to the concert that disappointed him . marcus got an autograph though .
david is going to a job interview and will have to borrow carter's suit as his own is not clean .
kate is impressed with the number of pomodori prepared by mary , gabrielle , jack , adrienne and emma .
david met alysa at the club last night and wants to see her again . alysa will see him tomorrow at the club 6 pm .
mark and bridget had a great time together last night so they decide to meet again tomorrow at 7 at bridget's .
magda is not willing to have a conference call about the spring festival today as she's tired and busy . after closing the mid november edition magda is off for holiday . magda'll inform charlie when the next edition starts and suggests he should jot down his ideas .
sam has a cold and won't make it today . carl got back so they can handle without sam . sam will let david know tomorrow .
dima and elie will have a greek for lunch . they will go with elie's team and dick .
poppy collected the quince from muriel yesterday evening , when muriel wasn't at home .
tim doesn't know what to buy his girlfriend whose birthday is on wednesday . tim's girlfriend likes reading , jogging and cooking . tim likes greg's idea to buy her a necklace with tim's name on it .
jo sent kira a link to the recipe for the chocolate cake . jo's mother is a better cook than jo .
megan kissed 5 men minimum .
zika finally met up with annabelle . kimberly doesn't like to hang out with people that she doesn't know very well .
lane has three lipstick with her but not the pink one .
amber passed her driving test today .
jenny will drive the car .
kate is giving a talk tomorrow at 8 pm at magdalene's college . amanda is too busy to come but john will probably make it .
jay suggests mike that he should sign up for the newsletter in order to get a free game on humble bundle . mike will check it when he's back at his place .
anne's tap is leaking . she's asking eve for advice on how to fix it .
oscar is not getting along with daisy anymore . lucy suggests he talks to daisy and will see if she can help .
noah has not cleaned the laptop and ava will complain about it to father tonight .
luisa will do the shopping with her husband on park avenue . carol is joining them , because he needs to buy flip flops .
mathilde and jeffrey haven't seen john today and george lets them know he's at home with flu .
diane is fed up with her job and is looking for a new one . luca finds linkedin useful on a job hunt . luca suggests diane should go on vacation .
on saturday kian , greta and sophie will go to the college library to work there together .
pearl will be back with a new cooking programme in march .
braden is happy with his tempur mattress and advises mckayla to do some research on its cheaper substitutes .
tanya needs to buy some furniture but sally's sofas closed last month .
alaina got a very expensive gift from jerry . she asked jocelyn if she should accept it . jocelyn suggested setting a gift price limit .
the lecture starts at 1 30 . emily forgot to buy a notebook and a pen for the lecture , so jessica can give her one . jessica will also save a seat as emily is running late .
tim and daniel root for miami dolphins . the dolphins will not be playing against the lions this year but against the rams .
austin's car broke down and he'll be late for the party .
sarah won't be able to come to her lesson with paul this friday . she's going to rome for a conference . she'll let him know when they can meet instead until tuesday . it's not the first time their lesson has been cancelled at the last minute .
tucker invited sally for a movie tonight and he will buy the tickets .
jake is going to a party . he is wearing a sweater he got from gill . he should change into the brown pants that match it .
grayson didn't enjoy the film that alice recommended .
harry is going to survival camp with mike at the weekend .
melissa went to the dentist . melissa's visit to the dentist was horrible . anaesthetics didn't help melissa . melissa has 3 more visits scheduled . melissa will go to sleep now . melissa will let hayden know when she wakes up .
dempsey went to the countryside and he will stay there till next week .
al can't find a key to room 122 . ben accidentally took it . he'll bring it back to the university tomorrow .
jasmine likes a new song by charlie puth . paola also likes galway girl .
luka came back from holidays which he spent with monica . they are thinking about each other all the time . he invites monica to venice . she is very special to him . they want to meet once again .
elisa is going to get some wine and meet with mark .
hazel sent sharon notes from today's spanish class .
skye and holly are interested in going to a cabin in the countryside for the weekend . holly will enquire with her friends who own it if it is available .
anthony has a hangover . jamie hanged out the washing .
katherine is on her way to the lake house and want to see other but they are out fishing . norman will let them know she's here . norman wants kathrine to get some food from the rest station .
jules needs her sociology book as soon as possible . elon will give it back to her . they will meet up at the centre subway line in 30 minutes .
kyle will come to samantha tomorrow at 18 , so she can write him a prescription at her clinic as he is feeling drowsy these days and has digestive problems . he hasn't seen any doctor yet and hasn't taken any medications .
john tells kevin that trump might nominate kelly knight as the next us ambassador to the un .
chris made a scratching pole for his cats on his own . lena hopes it'll protect his new couch .
blake is outside the class . alex is in the class . alex's going out .
jimmy is going to the pub today at 5 pm to watch the game with a group of friends . mr . x wasn't invited as he hadn't come for the meetings several times in the past . mr . x will join the group this time .
anna is hosting a new year's party at her place , while her parents are out of town , and she is inviting max . max will come to the party , bringing his school friend john with him .
jasmine and simon will come to nick's party tomorrow at 8 pm .
bob needs allie's number . allie is in the chat . bob asks her to let him know when she's online .
tom wants to stay home for new year's eve . maggie will ask tom if chris and jane can come over to celebrate new year's eve .
alec is after advice on cooking lentils . ruth accepts his invitation to join him for dinner .
ronnie and mellery are arguing who should call a taxi . ronnie remarks that nobody likes mellery when she is moody . mellery doesn't care about it .
matthew has been depressed recently . he will meet with a therapist .
emerson will pick up brooklyn at the train station at 15 . 40 .
oliver , sid and victor are shocked by his behaviour at the cafeteria .
andy , maddison and cindy agreed on the date friday . andy will buy the tickets , he will pay and the girls will give him back the money .
chloe is upset because jacob broke up with her .
vivian forgot the name of a movie , in which the protagonist turns out to be a ghost all along . liv proposes the movie the others . olga proposes the sixth sense . the latter is the one vivian had in mind .
gabrielle shares a funny cow name with isabella .
anna has found an app , which can help her with dressing decisions . peter is poking fun at it .
ivan will get karina a strawberry milkshake and a junior chicken from mcdonald's .
peter and ashley both watched a political debate and they are very disappointed with it . the participants didn't talk about anything specific .
fiona agreed to water betty's plants and empty the letterbox for her from mid november to mid january as betty will be in mexico . fiona and betty will meet and talk on monday afternoon .
emmanuel baked a pear crumble cake . he put too much sugar . he added mustard sauce . his boyfriend tries everything emmanuel cooks .
aria is waiting for the technician . steve wants to know when he arrives .
austin is coming back to school tomorrow . he's bored at home . they had a math test yesterday .
agnes and dolores are waiting on the first floor next to promo pizza . philippe is about to join them .
tony and paul aren't doing anything special .
eliza was deeply moved after listening to the music piece composed by leo .
tanya has a cat which likes to climb people .
fran has arrived to sydney . o and r are taken to their first day of school by kate . kate is going to the us tonight . r likes the lanyard .
caroline and branson are going to go to the english bay . they'll call evan to join them .
julie and bret discuss the bears game they both saw on sunday .
debbie has never made cookies and will make them today . hans wishes her fun .
mary has just entered the office . peter is stuck in traffic and he hasn't got to it yet .
tonette went to a psychiatrist , because she has some disorders and needs to be medicated . she doesn't have money for the therapy now . she'll starts in 2 3 months when she gets a raise at work .
harris will have to make changes to his assignment for steve .
greg is starting his own photography business . he wants to take photos during various events . his website is almost ready and he has almost all the equipment he needs . bob , david , beth and marisa offer him various pieces of advice .
hank and lenny got a dog gif from riley .
eric is making sure how many people are keen on paddle boarding and kayaking next weekend in manzanillo . tomorrow , eric is going to pick val and some other people at the corner house . they are going to have a fun day .
the woman next to jack looks like she had 555 plastic surgeries .
hudson is watching game of thrones these days . mary is watching stranger things .
rob will drop by tom's place later today , in order to borrow gta v and lend tom the new spiderman game in exchange .
maria and andrew have divided household chores . maria has cleaned the bathrooms . andrew should clean the kitchen . he doesn't have time today . maria does not accept this excuse .
elian did some house chores today . he is angry because he lost a match in fifa .
tina is going to buy the tickets . they are 30 both ways plus 10 for checked luggage for each flight . tina and laura are going to leave on 14 jan and be back on 20 jan .
jimmy overslept , but he's on his way to work . veronica was worried about jimmy and is glad he's okay .
monica , henry and nancy are optimistic about tomorrow's change of time . monica suggests to plan some holiday . nancy's going to majorca , monica wants to go to the mountains while hank's going to repair the roof of his house .
julia has a lot of work to do and she will be home late . max will prepare the dinner and wait for her .
jack has the original diablo box and manual from 1996 which he will lend to pat for his nephew who needs it for school project about the evolution of computer games since the late 1980s .
matthew and luke are talking about their university .
alex and lena had fun . they are going to sleep . they agree to meet in a couple of days .
viv is working a lot . she had worked for 14 hours yesterday . daniel is going to morocco for 6 days in january .
selma will lend dina the new sparks' book . dina will have to finish it by the end of the week , as selma wants to read it too .
hailey will come straight from work to meet jesse at 9 30 .
emma needs help with her plants . ethan will do his best to come tomorrow to have a look at them .
the team boston has won for the third time this decade . zack is a huge fan of theirs . boston have a serious young rival toronto , but in zack's opinion , there's still no match for boston , who have a record of 108 wins . on saturday there will be a victory parade .
randy is interested in the stroller todd is selling . they're going to meet tomorrow after 5 . the price is negotiable .
ann has always a red lipstick with her . mary lost hers .
sheila's customer couldn't find what he wanted but he bought something anyway . sheila made sure he knew what their return policy is .
john has sent mitch a photo of his new girlfriend daria . mitch finds her gorgeous .
girls organize a sleepover at angie''s for kita's birthday . vicky knows who's responsible for the present .
paul does not sleep , so lizzy will call him .
jim got into an argument under tim's post on facebook , because he couldn't resist the temptation to express his opinion . harry tells jim there's no sense in arguing with idiots .
annie has a fever and a headache . annie can't come to the meeting tomorrow .
desi got a third kid . desi will join desi at the club on saturday .
miles would like marcos to come to a silent disco tomorrow . marcos would rather spend time with the children because they haven't had much time together recently .
dylan will check out the old school bike roy has for sale . roy asks 50 dollars , but the best offer he gets is 15 .
jon plans to give up a multiplayer game he has been playing for a long time . he is waiting for the subscription to expire . he used to enjoy the game , but most of the players he liked left and now he is playing out of habit .
tim is raising funds for children in need . donna , greg and rose want to help out as volunteers .
alan had to stay longer at work , so he will be late for jim's party . first he will go home and have a shower . he will bring a micro usb charger as jim's only has iphone cables and bob is on his last 5 .
joan's looking for her friends . nobu's upstairs next to a plant . ernie will be there in 5 minutes .
holton advises modesty to do exercise for a healthy backbone .
beth is planning on coming back to the uk in may , possibly earlier . cathy has missed her and is looking forward to beth coming back .
laura prefers pizza for dinner over a chicken and vegetables .
dustin wants to have a chat with journey , but she's busy arranging her notes so he passes .
alonzo is watching tv . jordan's parents aren't home . alonzo is going to visit jordan and bring wine .
lizzy will miss the biology class with professor gray because of a medical appointment . amanda will take notes for lizzy and explain her absence to professor gray if needed . lizzy will talk to him after next class .
rodney made groceries .
dwight will grab some beer and come to lebron's place .
jane has written an article about homosexuals in the army for her blog . she is worried about it being too controversial .
penny is leaving for a meeting with a client . jacob is staying at the office and he has a lot of work .
bbc breakfast is in derby to interview people about brexit .
lucas is on holidays in croatia now . ethan is stuck at work . henry didn't go for holidays this year , because he was renovating his apartment during his time off .
carl is frustrated , because he won't be able to do his job in 4 days . carl will contact him to express these doubts .
kayah and ola will meet for a coffee on thursday . kayah will return ola's book to her .
hallie needs to leave as she needs to pick lilly from school as she might have rubella .
amalia wants to go out in the city centre tonight but it's too cold for amanda and joan . tony can't come as he is already on his way home .
it was sunny in la . now it's rainy in abby's place . in gail's place it's still cloudy .
the test starts at 8 tomorrow . amelia will study until late at night , but olivia needs to sleep at least a few hours to be able to perform well .
thomas , molly , finn and jim will meet in the kitchen to decide what food to order .
belle is about to greet don .
maureen and laura are going to the party .
ingrid's and bea's sons are doing well in their new schools , even though ollie didn't make any friends . kelly's having problems with lucas who doesn't like his school . bea will help her and take care of ellis .
jasmine sent aurora a file . aurora enjoyed it greatly .
nixon and oscar haven't started their biology projects yet , so they can't help marlow with it . they're going to ask the ladies for help .
june and lena are going to the mall . june will pick lena up at 5 . lena works a lot .
noah is driving to leeds for the music festival on friday evening . he's taking tom and john . he will also take charlie and benjamin . they are coming back on sunday afternoon .
tristan left his wallet at laura's place . laura's place is messy after the party last night . tristan got the wallet from his grandfather . tristan will pick up the wallet later and help laura clean up .
michael met jordan yesterday . jordan is doing well , he has recently opened his third restaurant . michael , ceci and xavier plan to visit one of jordan's restaurants this weekend .
josh encourages sam to climb mountains . sam will inform the rest of friends .
angie hasn't seen the bohemian rhapsody . angie likes pictures but she didn't have time for any insights yet .
matt's client can't open the file matt sent him . sandra can't help matt with that .
thomas is looking for a parking space . victor is waiting at the bar .
isaac and maddie are happy that maddie's neighbors are going to move out and sell house .
rob shows mike , gina , john and beth a pumpkin he carved for halloween .
daisy would like a snowball war , but evan says ther is no snow .
grace is sitting in the right corner and she's waiting for kelly and ricky to join her .
klay has invested in bitcoin , he lost 20k last week and it's still going down .
jackie has been shaking all day . she should go to sleep early , not worry too much and drink tea and water instead of coffee .
jane came back to her old boyfriend from southampton and taunton . her son works as a lifeguard but wants to get into teaching . he has a girlfriend who studies law . jane wants to meet up with chris' wife soph .
mary , joseph and jesus think they are the most amazing trio because of their names .
fred gathers proof of politicians' hypocrisy on the internet . george questions why fred does it .
there is a conference in accra , ghana in june . the deadline for applications is the end of february . maya will try to apply .
anna invited everyone to the party apart from claudia . judy tells claudia to come , but she refuses because she hasn't been invited .
the internet provider cabletica was having connectivity issues in the entire town which are now fixed . the campsite uses fibre optics and a different provider .
tim is finishing his work on preparing an issue of an academic journal . he is also doing maggie and al's part of the work .
jessica had to leave early because she has an early morning flight to catch . tina wants to talk to her when she is back .
elisabeth will prepare the garden , ann and emily will make food and maria will bring barnwell from the railway station for his surprise welcome party .
alan will meet teresa at the subway station nostrand av . alan isn't happy with teresa being late 30 minutes .
alex aced in his tests and he can choose which university to attend . he's considering miami university as they have a great programme for game design .
olivia's doing shopping . she's getting some toilet paper for ann and some bread for carol . she's not getting carol beer or crisps , though .
karen is worried about her parents' possible divorce . her father is stubborn and her mother is too soft , even though karen tried to encourage her to be more decisive .
hazel made a copy of the test on monday . everett will make a copy of it and will give it to clark in 20 minutes .
peter and tony believe there will be a new referendum concerning brexit .
pam didn't get any information about thursday . leo will ask paul to send an e mail to everyone . leo will wait for pam at 8 or 8 . 30 . pam will bring pizza and a bottle .
jessica did the elliptical for 45 minutes then ran 2 miles on the treadmill , donna did a half mile sprint this morning , as she's busy .
patrick sent nicole a lot of gifts to apologize for something he said .
anet will come home at around 17 00 .
on a weekend norfolk and noyce will meet for a beer and rumer wil see his girl .
miles shoveled hundreds pounds of snow this morning . he had to exit through the window , because the door couldn't be opened . they have really heavy snowfalls there on lofoten .
louise will pick up jen , jess and cat in 5 minutes . jen is almost ready , while jess and cat will be slightly late .
alex will pick chairs that match new table for sarah . she will buy finder's fee and he will get a commission from the shop nei interiors . as the table is bonde wood , chrome or black would work well with it .
mathew is not coming to the classes and a girl was asking ella about him . mathew will come to classes tomorrow even though he is still sick .
kristel wants to book tickets for 30 children for the show on friday . kristel asks questions about the booking on the website and cinema rules . jake answers kristel's questions .
for their night out anna is going to wear off the shoulder bodycon , emily a sequin mini dress , and ruth lace dress with pephem . they are all planning to wear heels .
terry and bonie will have ice cream after class .
tomorrow donna and michael will meet in front of the main entrance of central cinema at 7 50 pm to watch bohemian rapsody at 8 .
erin will be at robyn's in 15 20 minutes . she needs to call robyn because her intercom is broken .
olivia is not in the mood for going on a date so christina will go instead .
paulina and stanley discuss the current use of acronyms in chat .
lila lends sage 100 for rent . he has to give it back in 1 week .
lizzie picked up kids and they are at home .
tim is having a beer and watching netflix . jim has been browsing netflix too . tim recommends him the castlevania series , with short 20 minutes episodes .
joyce's back and jerry isn't .
dorothy and mike are looking for a table to buy . the one dorothy was telling mark about seems nice and it is a good deal if it comes to the price , but they think they should check other options .
kate and jim will go for a coffee in 30 minutes .
they've moved sue and penny's dad on friday . he's fine but has a bad chest . sue's car has a new engine and she can't wait to have it ready so that she could go and visit dad .
gary will finish the spreadsheet for raquel in 15 minutes .
scott is back to uganda . sasha is tired but she is going to attend a party with her colleagues from university . scott and sasha miss each other .
sharon never returned kate's dkny dress that she borrowed half a year ago . they both forgot about it , but sharon will now give it back to kate as she needs it by sunday .
rosie is going for 9 15 wednesday nails appointment with yiota .
owen struggles to find erica's place .
catherine wants to meet with kevin . they met on a tinder date . kevin declines her , as he's in a fresh relationship .
katie and chloe went to a concert yesterday . they think the lead vocalist is attractive , chloe took photos of him . he reputedly winked at claire during the show .
yonas and marie like sheck wes and his song mo bamba .
nick needs sandra's notes from the last lecture but she wasn't there , either .
gabriella will meet daniel inside as she doesn't want him to wait .
margaret is making a blue bouquet for annie , she loves blue color .
victoria is looking for tickets for mumford and sons' concert . they're officially sold out so she's browsing some dubious websites like viagogo . patricia , lucas and daniel warn her against doing it and they suggest looking for the tickets on facebook .
the code is 1234 .
misha asks her mother a number of questions about god if he watches us all the time , if he gets tired , if he ever sleeps and if he can perform miracles . mother answers positively and tells misha that we can also see god all the time in different forms .
leo is in the library with sebastian preparing the presentation . lara is downstairs with peter .
jill will call tony later , because she feels pain . tony wishes her health .
ethan and abigail are going to buy presents for their family . uncle steve is going to spend christmas with them .
grace ordered some kyle beauty products , but they weren't good for her . she thinks she ordered the wrong colour . she still recommends ashley to try them .
pat's moving to italy in august or september and suggests jen and josh to visit her in bologna . josh suggests to book air tickets for 19 each before they get more expensive .
hannah adds cardamon and cinnamon in the coffee . sarah loves it this way .
jane has a terrible headache because of her children . virginia is still a little sick . tina called her farty poop yesterday . tina's turning 5 years old next week on sunday .
tag should stop harassing angela .
max's bus hasn't arrived . max will take the cab to reach his destination in time . max still has 15 minutes .
karl and tony have a lot of work . karl has holidays book at the end of the year . jason wants to go on holidays too .
wyatt wants to surprise his girlfriend , so he asked sarah to teach him how to sew a scarf . sarah doesn't think it's a great idea , but she will help wyatt .
hugh's cat needs to stay indoors until his paw heals . the cat is behaving badly staying inside the house lately . hugh fed the cat .
patricia and chloe went out last night . patricia liked a man and got his number . however , she is not sure if she is going to call him . chloe thinks he is handsome .
samantha is alone in the bar . claire and jerry are going to join samantha , but claire is not drinking .
the teacher is calling for the quiz but will can't come at the moment .
mary and meg moved tonight's meeting at 7 at grand cinema , as the earliest option at 8 . 30 was too late and meg needs to go to school early tomorrow . they'll meet tomorrow at grand cinema .
patty's a cold and she's skipping school . vicky will visit her later and bring her herbs for a tea .
luciana just came back from holidays in madagascar . it was amazing but it's a very poor place . she's going to cyprus next week .
justin has just arrived to spain and he is visiting madrid tomorrow . he will call mom when he settles in .
parker wants to buy a new jacket and needs his friends' opinion . andy likes the first model better , while stephanie would choose the second one .
aaron has watched my giant life series . it was about a tall girl , who's never had a boyfriend and wants to stay a virgin till marriage .
emma's plagiarized passages from her students' report and liam and caden would've never suspected her of that .
sasha has just come back from russia . sasha , terry , josh and gordon will meet at 7 at hell's kitchen tonight . josh's shift there ends at 7 .
jan is going to dyrham park on monday . victor went there few days ago .
lance bought a philips tv . ricky and neil are happy for him . lance proposed to watch the games together once tv is delivered , but ricky and neil will have to bring pizza .
alex , ben , luke , isis , anna , victor and owen are going to see the sunset at hermossa tomorrow . luke and isis will take their own car . alex offers a ride from the surf camp at 4 pm .
sandra's had an argument with her boss . she found a job offer and she's considering applying . michaela will check it in the evening .
pit and kinga will chat on whatsapp . kinga will send pit a text message because he does not have her telephone number .
after all these years jana is going to see him tonight .
liah doesn't have a baking sheet . hector had only a baking tray but it's not anymore at his place . in that case liah will try to make brownies instead of cookies .
ryan , danny , chloe and july prepare a shopping list for their trip . they are going to buy food , drink and some cleaning stuff .
luke needs help with his translations , so he will text jeff again after dinner .
dave is secretly watching jane and sending scary messages . jane is freaking out .
josh and sally went to a great party at tina's place . sally is feeling great , going for a run , whereas josh is feeling under the weather , he is staying in bed . they might see each other in the evening .
mitch bought a new supreme shirt .
bea reminds leo to call his grandma for her birthday .
gabrielle is disappointed because marty didn't take a good care of her car , snowhite . gabrielle found her place dirty , the cat sick , and its food bowl empty . they argue about their relationship and break up .
dan needs some money , so he will call will .
tom would like to eat beef stakes for today's dinner , so margaret will make spaghetti tomorrow .
ava is going to europe with her parents . joe would like to visite southern europe . olivia has not been and would like to go to london and paris .
judith is throwing a 1980s themed party on saturday . judith will provide some wigs and gadgets to dress accordingly .
because of the snow brian didn't go to work for almost a week . frank's farm was cut off for a couple of days until some boys with a digger helped them . they didn't have electricity , and the fresh feed for animals had to be helicoptered .
katherine and peter are in 101 . simon will bring peter his backpack , that he left downstairs .
toby is leaving at 6 .
carlie invites arnav to a stand up comedy by kapil sharma , who will perform this weekend . carlie has already bought tickets . arnav agrees . carlie's younger brother and emily will go with them .
karl and tony are very busy at work . karl has holidays booked at the end of the year . tony might go as well . jason has to do the same .
tom is going to see ant man 2 tonight . peter has already seen it . there are two after credit scenes .
bella's preparing a pasta bake tonight and asks jude to be home at 7 30 .
david , jake and anna have to prepare a project on the environmental ethics . david thought it's a group project , but it's individual and a presentation will suffice .
jess and sunny are going shopping for a new pillow for jess .
miralem is starting to go to blaise's gym next month , as they have better and more modern equipment . blaise will prepare a membership card for him . miralem will come by later to get it .
rocksound has launched a new cover . bethany is going to buy the new cover . the new cover has posters inside .
mel and tessa are meeting on saturday for a movie night , they'll watch avengers , mel will bring food .
megan will come to thanksgiving dinner at her mom's on saturday . on sunday morning megan and her husband matt are heading to boston for a week .
steve and chris have to read pages 10 25 for tomorrow's international political relations class . the teacher is passionate about the texts and punishes students with tests , when they don't read them .
gladys and alvin are leaving at 5 am . alvin has to remember to take his camera .
kira hasn't met any fit italian men yet . kira's enjoying the view and shares the picture of her new bikini with sabrina .
anna forgot to change her shoes when she was going grocery shopping this morning . only at the checkout did she realize that she still had her slippers on .
instead of waiting 30 minutes for maci , julianna asked her english friend for help .
tom is buying a jumper for gina . gina is size m or 10 .
saim is going to the mosque to pray today . waseem is going to the garden for a morning walk . he does not pray often . saim prays five times a day . waseem decides to do that as well . they will meet in five minutes .
lindsay will be 10 minutes late . greg and mary are already waiting .
cheryl and ross want to go to scotland in may , kirsty will join them .
lola has issues with submitting her paperwork via website .
abigail will drop off noah's lunch , which he forgot .
oliver is leaving tomorrow morning , unfortunately erik is not able to meet him at the station to say goodbye . they plan to meet up in holidays .
sissy is very pleased after a transatlantic flight because her ticket got upgraded and she travelled in business class . she didn't want the flight to end .
sally will join kate for a drink in 30 minutes .
lara is not travelling for christmas this year . sue and her family have booked a place in lisbon . they will stay with some friends , but they will probably eat out most of the time . lara has bought some new outfits for christmas .
sophia , amy and sara have to do all exercises from unit 5 and write several sentences about their rooms for tomorrow .
derek is waiting downstairs . andy is joining him . patrick feels sick , so he won't go .
sebastian is coming to practice today . he has a minor injury , but was allowed to play by the doctor . arthur wants sebastian to play in the important match . mark , steve and reggie are not playing .
leo and victoria's credit card is not working . victoria went shopping after work and bought a few items to try out at home . she is going to return some of them to get the money back . leo thinks they should save more for a deposit on a house .
sami and cousins are watching narcos on netflix in his home . afhaam will join them in 5 minutes .
vicky's two girls are due on march 28 . lisa came back earlier this year since thomas has to be operated on a hip replacement . vicky will give lisa a call to arrange a chat soon .
caroline doesn't feel like going out tonight . victoria will check her schedule and confirm whether they can meet on sunday .
today is patricia's birthday . kate wishes her a happy birthday . patricia and mike are going to dine in the dark restaurant today . patricia , kate and nathalie will have a drink on saturday .
carl sends michael and camille the results of the exercises .
jack will send the recipe for these brownies on freda's request . jack's wife baked them .
mike is frequently late , which annoys grace .
ashley is not working tonight . pat is in a meeting .
rob joined the army . cornelia lives in gdansk with her boyfriend . last time rob and cornelia met was at a bar next to a fire station . they want to meet again when cornelia is around her hometown .
charlie got the card and 30 pounds from dennis and he bought more lego and action figures . charlie expects to get a new tablet from his parents this year's christmas . dennis'll see charlie in two weeks .
trump and kim dzong un met . there are no updates on the situation .
diana will visit louis in paris .
kristen is in a hurry and can't find her brown hairbrush . ryan is not at home and can't help her find it .
jane lost her ring . she will look for it in the toilet at the station . eve and julia will wait for her .
maria's not answering jimmy , she'll be in her office until late as she's a deadline today .
claudia is making naan bread for the first time . she is going to share it with javier .
tyrone had sex last night . he will call willy later .
matilda was dizzy today , because she didn't sleep last night . she finished the assignments . eric is the best friend of matilda .
linda is not at school yet . brent was supposed to drive her .
kim will pop in after 5 00 to borrow jon's dictionary .
ellen would like to go shopping with portia tomorrow , but she refuses for fear of christmas crowds .
anna and nina are going on a trip together . they are packing . anna's father is too busy to drive them to the airport but maybe manny will do it .
ryan is going to the tennis club . camilla wishes him luck .
conrad is angry , because frank forgot about the meeting .
trevor is disappointed with amazon because the package of the calendar they shipped is damaged .
next ari album is about to be released . one of the singles is already on youtube .
brandie has stood ezra up even though she promised she would be there in a few minutes .
jimmy is drunk at a party and wants carol to join him . she's at home drinking cocoa in her pyjamas and won't join him .
debbie uses marijuana vape pens for her chronic pain . the pen costs 10 and the cartridges cost 50 . kyle , matt , debbie , coco , anthony and christoph are for medical marijuana , while virginia and leigh are against it .
tom is probably going to new zealand with his parents this summer . tom won't spend time with his friends . kenny is staying home as always .
joanna changed her fb picture and some of her facebook friends started to hate her . she has about 2000 friends , including potential clients . joanna and matt hate this government . joanna will hide her events list .
the sociology presentation must be ready 10 minutes before class for the professor to hear it before it's presented .
val thinks bohemian rhapsody is fantastic .
michelle is not going to the party tomorrow .
mark changed a network . he's satisfied with the reception . the network can be tailored to one's needs . alice is going to check if they have family plans .
alice and liz are bored and in a bad mood because of the weather .
jake , mike , leila and jason are unsure about the tasks they are supossed to do by thursday . daisy informs them they have to do 7 12 .
ray and kale watched the game today . the game was bad and the team are in financial crisis . their sponsor withdrew after the scandal with diego who supposedly did drugs after the game , which was covered in football observer . probably it wasn't true , but it damaged their reputation .
abdul and erma are having a fight . according to abdul , erma's parents hate him , and she behaved unfair , telling her parents about her relationship problems with abdul , when he was sitting right next to her during family dinner today .
marlon will be late for the lesson with oscar .
amy will help patricia with her maths homework .
dan , rob , dave , tom and julian are meeting to play d d tonight .
as daria failed the last 2 tests in science , she is grounded until she improves her marks .
tina and sarah watched the late bloomer and beautiful creatures . frank forgot it's tina's birthday today .
paul will log in to play overwatch with chris after he's eaten .
liam is looking for a present for his mother's birthday .
jack will call philip tomorrow .
jeff , joanne and olivia will meet tonight at 7 at kraken bar . they will give her a bottle of wine , a book and a scarf . they owe olivia 20 each .
gloria will be away for an unspecified amount of time .
emilia and smith are going to the farewell party .
natasha and her family will travel to malta this christmas . they will fly to rome on the 18th of december and arrive in malta on the 21st . natasha and macy have not seen each other for 3 years . macy will plan her schedule in the next weeks and inform natasha if she will also come to malta .
donna and klara will meet tomorrow for a coffee at 2 pm . klara wants to ask donna about something personal .
zara is studying for tomorrow's maths exam . she really hates it . brandon will come over at half past to help her study .
holly has a birthday today so henry will call her in a sec .
alyssa moved out to a beautiful place , but she doesn't understand the language people speak there . she started a new job and attends language classes . ellie will visit her some day .
clive and marge are laughing at the gif with a cat .
corey has not yet read new frost book that gil recommends .
hannah joined the conversation with ashley , sophia , ben and julie .
monica will take the kids to the zoo around noon , after lunch . victoria will meet them at the entrance . tessa is at her mum's and adam is stuck with the kids .
spencer is trying to talk to his mother but she is on the phone with meg . layla asks his mother to turn on skype at spencer's request .
rob will come to the birthday party of luke's two year old son on saturday around 2 p . m . luke invited also 5 families with kids , but wants this party to be pleasant to all his friends , not only the ones with kids .
sara is in rome for a business trip next week . she will meet deborah in 2 weeks .
steve is going out with andy and liam tonight . he forgot about his date with emma .
elisabeth , logan and maria are going to pauline's as she organizes a new year's eve party .
calvin will arrange a blind date for columbus . she is a friend of calvin's girfriend . calvin met her last night when he went out with his girlfriend . she already saw photos of columbus and agreed to see with him . calvin will ask her when she wants to meet and will text columbus later .
arnould is in tesco . he will buy canned tomatoes on barbara's request .
ken and lindsay are looking for a birthday present for him .
leah will give martin a call when she arrives .
jill got back for a moment from her travel , to see what's going on in the town . jack will try to meet with jill and the others at the pub .
cindy wants to buy a new laptop . john told her not to buy lenovo . cindy was thinking about asus zenbook .
jasper will clean his room , because he wants to go to the cinema tonight .
claire and max went out last night . claire was sick at 4am and she's hangover today . max is on the plane to lanzarote . claire cooked dinner for annie but it was terrible .
carry will contact tina's friends to get information about the school for her daughter .
paddy and leslie are going to a staff function tomorrow in the brasilia . leslie's husband will drop her off and kirk , paddy's partner , will drop paddy off . they think students wear too much make up . leslie hopes amy keeps her as a teacher instead of robyn .
patrick has seen the alienist , but he's not a fan of this kind of film . he likes kristen bell .
ida left her sweater in the chemistry lab .
jenkins gave jarod protein . jenkins used it and after instead of before training .
kelly needs help with her stitching . stephanie will help her tomorrow at school .
lucy is in marrows looking for a blouse to go with a skirt she got from her mother . she was at gap in high street but didn't find anything . she tries on several blouses and finally , after sharing a video with her mum , decides to get a cream silky one for 43 . her mum will give her the money back .
toby likes his workplace .
annika misses jolie and would like to do a skype chat . jolie doesn't feel very well now , but she will message annika when she feels better .
kelton was trying to download the movie dalenna mentioned from a place that is restricted . dalenna found it on a different site and she'll bring it with her .
keith is worried about brenda .
fran will print hers and laura's boarding passes .
christmas is approaching . derek proposes organising secret santa for the team . there are 20 people in the team . anna , michael and patricia agree . the price range is 20 pounds .
mary and ann won't go to the theater classes today .
theo wants to go to escape room tonight . val will come to his place at 4 pm .
jeff catched the train . he will take the plane .
michael , adriana and victor are going to the usual place tomorrow at 6 .
sim's eating the cheese he got from dan and he enjoys it . sim got also some chutney from daisy and he eats it with the cheese . daisy will be probably selling the chutney on the christmas market again and dan's going to buy some of it .
penny is off to the client for the rest of the day . jacob is relatively busy and will text penny if anything comes up .
luke is amazed by ghost . simon doesn't know the band but he will listen to their songs .
jack and mazy's parents are getting a divorce . they're staying with their mother after that .
nadine owns two shar peis . donna owns a staffordshire bull terrier . lately , one of nadine's dog got it's nose dirty while playing and knocked over kilts nadine uses for morris dancing . nadine used to live in tintagel for 4 years and enjoyed it .
keegan's mother is in the hospital in nipawin . kristen will take care of his dog .
polly wants molly to return her the lucky sweater that she borrowed one month ago . polly wants to wear it tonight for a date with a special guy . molly cannot return it now because she's getting married tonight and she's thousands miles away .
brenda is turning 55 this week so she feels old .
keira has been sick and couldn't work . she stayed in bed and watched the big bang theory . she will work from home tomorrow .
leonard and simon will meet for coffee 15 . 10 at the entrance to the library . ellen will join them later for a beer . she will text them after 7 .
thomas forgot the name of the song from maroon 5 that jessie suggested recently . brian reminded thomas the title .
robert has cancelled one of his phone numbers , because he's lost his job . robert is now looking for a new job . serge offers to show robert's cv to a colleague .
chris insults paul . paul tries to calm him down .
jay and martha are staying at radisson , peter's at hilton . they'll meet in the lobby at 8 30 .
max didn't know they are recording tomorrow . benjamin will send logan and max the wave files and guitarpro tabs .
karen is flying to canada at 2 35 pm tomorrow and is apprehensive about her being alone there to study and work . barbara is confident that she will manage all right and suggests they keep in touch via kakaotalk . the women have met only rarely so far but they declare their mutual rapport .
kevin is working on his master thesis and does some freelance projects . he is trying to get experience in various places before joining the family business .
litzy will send carmen a recipe for cranberry cookies when she gets home .
porter advises his friends to arrive at 6 . 45 for tonight's meeting .
kate is chatting and working in a college cafe downstairs .
bruno wants to go to prado tomorrow . anton can go at 5 . 30 , but alba has to work longer . anton suggests alba can join them for drinks after to which alba agrees . the exhibition in prado is about life and death in spanish baroque painting .
showrunner has announced on twitter that henry cavill will play geralt in netflix series . casey and shiloh are unsure about the casting choice . shiloh hopes eva green will play yen .
someone stole mario's laptop in the library .
emma's finished reading gone with the wind . olivia and emma agree that the book is quite depressing . emma appreciates not only the portrayal of scarlett and the south , but also well written dialogues between scarlett and rhett . olivia tells emma to watch a movie .
will's trying to study but it's impossible . his roommate is playing music , the dog next door is barking , his phone keeps ringing and he has a stomachache . judy's place is quiet and , as she's going out , she offers will to come there to study . he accepts .
irena has shared a photo with steven and kim . irena's friends commented on the photo with the blue eyes comment . the man in the picture with irena looks tired .
janet thinks that oscar should distance himself from his cousin .
jerry doesn't like snow . jenny and peter think that the climate is changing and we don't do much to stop it .
kim doesn't want to retake a test next week , so she rushes carrie to come immediately .
sean has got a cold . jake has a running nose . maria will think about going to a course alone with jake .
becky will give eva and vic a ride to the infinity pool . summer gives irene directions to hotel vista de olas .
gabriel has bought a glittery item in h m . there's nothing left in size 42 .
mike is late because of traffic . grace has been waiting for him in the rain .
trina feels it's really cold outside . lars hopes it might snow .
sam will pick up vicky at 5 pm today .
amber doesn't look good as she had a fever last night . she hasn't seen a doctor yet , but she's taking some home made remedies .
kate isn't prepared for the exam , but she goes anyway . bruce is demotivated as well .
gregory has been trying to reach chris . chris has been taking a bath for a long time . sara will tell chris to call gregory soon .
the team is going bowling on thursday , teresa will join just for a beer .
eva had a busy thursday working with claudia on reports . eva will help lea on the letter she mentioned before someday next week .
lynda ordered a mobile phone a week ago but hasn't received it yet . mia explains they are waiting for the confirmation of payment . lynda wants mia to check it again .
paula is stuck in the traffic jam . stan tries to comfort her . paula asks stan to feed the pets , but he refuses . paula will get home in more than an hour .
ray and joy miss each other .
aurora and lucy are going to party tonight , but anna can't join them as she's got a night shift . aurora and lucy will pay her a visit at 1 . 30 am when her break starts .
maurice forwarded the email with the information about the conference in cardiff to jenny . it is one day only . maurice will apply . josh might apply as well .
noah and abigail are booking a hotel for their holiday in wroclaw . they choose one closer to the conference center .
oscar helped emily move out yesterday and he was sore in the morning . emily hasn't talked to the landlord yet . oscar will drop by at 7 pm .
eugene is being sent from work on a paid vacay .
beth's at marriott and molly's at prudential mall . grace's willing to eat dinner and have a drink with them after she buys some shoes and go clubbing afterwards .
phil will get marijuana for eve . she will pay him back later .
noah is looking for a gift for his friend . his friend is interested in board games , so as tom . tom suggests onitama or patchwork , jaipur or hanamikoji .
sara is in the office with other people . she needs to finish a project . phillip is there as well .
ron will be home after 5 and will buy something to drink for adrian , who is supposed not to forget about his homework .
nola wants to apply to volunteer organization .
cam will listen to matt's new podcast , where he interviews john smith about his new theory on aliens and the origin of human race .
christopher and noah have both scored too low on their exams , to apply for preferred universities . christopher is going to take the exam one more time next year .
daniel is looking for people whose flight was delayed and their complaint wasn't answered by smart airlines . daniel would like to build the group case against the airlines .
constance and jen are recommending supermarket sweep , a tv game show .
julian is sorry for what he did and for shouting at zoe . he wants zoe to give him a second chance .
julian will be marcus at the bus stop .
steve is going to spain this summer but his friends are still discussing where they could go .
lars and elsa will go for a walk .
eva bought a new dress at zara . rosie is interested if there are different colours . there are black and white dresses but only small sizes .
hannah is coming to room b210 .
jaslene and finn exchange photos of mandarins . finn has a whole crate at home and he will have one .
kayla and tom are watching great british bake off . kayla is cheering for bryony , while tom is all for ruby .
wendy's favourite color is black .
peggy can give the book to jane when she travels to belgium at the beginning of december . jane will let peggy know if she wants the book . peggy will write to jane at the end of november to schedule their meeting .
jasper and ivan are going to play an online game together .
a few years ago , malaysia airlines flight 370 went missing . the case remains unexplained .
june's cat has to wear that for 10 days . rob will take june and her cat to the vet on thursday at 6 pm .
albert sends aldrich and alfred a video of an alligator dismembering a person .
jade is an actress attending ads' castings and she needs to print her business cards in colour . pete can't help her , as he's not interested in it anymore .
sara is about to adopt a dog from a shelter . daisy supports the idea .
jefferson left his shoes at tom's place as he was leaving with uber completely wasted .
esther has had a really bad cold with 3 days of fever . she's better now but still nauseous and weak .
henry's 50 done with the job . the deadline has been moved for this friday , so he needs to really hurry up . he might need to skip sleeping for a few nights .
meryl informs cindy that she'll be ten minutes late .
cyneley had to start delivering milk because her parents cut her off since she decided to stay one more year at school . daijon suggests finding a regular job closer to her major .
coral will buy the second dress on melissa's advice .
rob might do overtime at work again . rob will let monica when he finishes work .
wesley and selena will have lasagna for dinner .
olivia is buying groceries now . ethan is about to fetch his pet . olivia and ethan are meeting in 30 minutes .
rick is going to finish the project on tuesday . they will double check . ellen will inform the board they can proceed with implementation next week . if the project is good , there will be bonuses .
alfio admitted to burton that he lied to his mother about the money he asked her for . it is not a reference book for school but a concert ticket that he wants to buy . it is the only thing on his mind now .
paula needs a cleaner who would come to her once a week . irene and olivier will ask around for someone recommendable .
megan forgot about grandma's invitation for dinner tonight . she would rather skip it , because she doesn't like grandma's food . she doesn't use any spices . eventually , megan and harry will go .
edwin , harper , alison and alaina do not have classes after 11 tomorrow due to anniversary of the university .
carol needs lily's and jessica's help with dividing them into groups for the monday project , but lily and jessica have already done that .
sean has an oral exam at 7 pm at the department . he'll have a look on the party at the university . jackie will join him .
karen , josh and donna discuss the craziest things they've ever done .
andrew has split up with veronica .
ray is thinking of buying the council , an rpg about a secret society in the 18th century . stephanie advises to wait for a sale on steam .
ethan and logan will play basketball tomorrow . ethan has already gathered 5 people who'll come to play .
alice's birthday is in two weeks . she's not outgoing , so they won't be throwing a party for her , but she likes art so sidney and oliver decide to take her to the impressionist exhibition and for a coffee .
they failed adam . everyone else made it .
james took a memory stick with him .
gosia's daughter is 7 . she was abducted in 2012 and lives in libya . gosia talks to her via skype . she can't come back to uk because the grandmother does not allow it .
regina will meet carol's sister at french restaurant on chapel street in half an hour .
jake asked tonya out .
suzie is excited about her new flat . kate likes it too .
rose is talking with braden about eric freeze , who dropped out of school . he was very drunk and hungry once and carried mcdonalds like a baby .
jenny will help tom prepare a crib for tomorrow's test .
after talking to mr . cartwright , stuart informs his team that they are supposed to postpone regular tasks and finish an urgent project till friday eod . dorothy is angry as she didn't have much work for the last 2 days , so she could have done a part of the project . stuart will come downstairs soon .
edith has some questions to ruth concerning the fundraiser . ruth has the decorations team ready , michael volunteered . ruth and edith will meet in a week .
chris will be up there from 12 27 to 01 03 and for a week post mardi gras . he has already booked the houses . he usually gets a house with friends . chris and ian are going to the tropical fruits party for new year's eve . they want to go there by minibus . they'll have drinks at chris before the party .
tom will buy wine on joanna's request .
allie lost her wallet . it may be at pike's as melody suggests .
jeff's wife died during an expedition with himalaya climbers . she got lost in a snowstorm . jeff moved to glasgow .
robert was on the news describing how he breaks the law while driving . john saw it . for john driving insanely fast is fine .
alexandra needs to print some materials . josh once used the copy shop at their university but he was utterly dissatisfied with their service and argued with them . therefore he recommends using a shop at charing cross .
laila , monica and patti were in a beauty salon in the crowne plaza in moscow . they recommend this place . patti did hair in athens .
holly and ute watched the latest episode of you can dance . jordan was kicked off . holly and ute will meet on friday to drink wine and watch tv shows .
today is grandma's birthday . sara and andrew are visiting her after work and bringing her wine . grandma doesn't want gifts , but she loves good wine . amy finishes school at 3 p . m . and then she will visit grandma . mum is coming after work . amy made a picture for grandma .
mike shares the code for a free mount in hots . jake , steve and mike played a joke on marty that involved a spider .
lucy wrote a private message to nate . jessica forbids her from writing to him . lucy and nate were friends before jessica started dating him . lucy will be in touch with nate anyway .
primrose , eldred and dove are going to meet up and drink wine together tonight .
adison will help maryam buy her a new hand free .
skyler and luca's grandma has a birthday . skyler has bought her a present , but luca has forgotten about flowers .
dad wants olaf to come downstairs to have some pancakes .
jan and maciej were at the party together last night . maciej got drunk and has a hangover .
carol wants eve to go swimming with him , but she declines .
rita needs everyone's passport copies to arrange tickets .
matt doesn't know when he's coming back to warsaw . he might come around easter . when he knows more , he will let kasia know . kasia is a bit upset .
alice wants to know what chores do ben's and poppy's children do in order to not put too much pressure on them . ben , alice and poppy agree involving children in household chores is good for them .
meg has spent the morning baking blueberry muffins with her little helper .
eddie is taking a computer course . he hasn't learnt how to print yet .
paula used to live on the street in latin america . she sold handmade jewellery on the streets with a group of hippies .
cathy is not going to meet pepper and chris as she has to deal with a mistake debbie made at work .
elliot has a birthday tomorrow . he wants to spend the day with maya in a spa and then go out for dinner .
mark will be an hour late for the dinner .
harry was wondering why there has been so much hype about the handmaidens tail but harry has no idea .
the database of argentinian legal documents that john told marc about some time ago is called infoleg .
jasmine is stressed because she has too much work . illy is stressed because she has 3 exams next week . olivier is relaxed .
imane will buy train ticket for amal for sunday aftenoon .
there's a heavy downpour in alejandra's sorroundings . it is not that bad where pepe is . aaron is too busy with excel to even notice .
veronica has cooked a delicious dinner . she goes to paris in a week and she'll be back home in a month . then she'll meet with martha .
mike supports manchester united . oliver supports liverpool . mike wants to bet with oliver that his team will win the trophy .
zoe asks claire not to tell anyone the thing they discussed earlier , as she needs to confirm it with her doctor first .
kitty and lenny are watching photos from lenny's trip to a volcanic island .
damian , daniel and dominic are trying to figure out which countries in the eu have a left leaning government . according to them , portugal , spain , sweden , malta and partially slovakia can be described as such .
laura can bring a draft copy for tomorrow's lunch with jose .
mr . white has some work to finish by the end of the day . ms . blue wants him to do a project quality check in another department in a span of 1 , 5 hour . mr . white will execute the task .
there's a problem with one person in the office . vincent , diana and marilyn are meeting at 6 . 15 tonight to discuss her behavior .
tom can't find his keys .
lucy is looking for kaffir lime leaves . they're called makrut or thai lime now . diana suggests trying at the asian supermarket over by the square . jeff and karl bought them at carrefour in the past , but now karl buys them online .
tom informs his kids kelly and jim that mum doesn't feel well and she went to a doctor this morning . she's got a cold . tom will come back late today and they need some groceries . jim will check what's in the fridge and will do the shopping .
the receipts must be uploaded by midnight cst so jess can have time to correct them . paul gets a one day extension .
leland and mary reside in norwich , even though they are obliged to live in cambridge . it takes them around 1h 20min to get to the university .
alice and mary are going to watch fantastic beasts together . mary will come to poland for new year's .
daria can now drive a car .
claudius , klaudia , janek and brett would like to go for drinks this weekend . claudius wants to visit bar studio , but brett and jacek are not fond of this idea . claudius and brett agree to choose a location spontaneously when they meet .
jack couldn't contact edlyna on her phone . they will go see the aquaman movie on december 21st .
helen is happy to have split with mike .
max , daniel and henry have watched the season finale of a series . henry was disappointed by the finale . daniel and max rather liked it . max liked the whole season . the series got renewed and will air next year . henry thinks the finale was hurt by the uncertainty of the series' renewal at the time .
jil came from paris to take her things . she's moving there forever , because she met jean , who is her boss .
it's hard for flo to trust people at first sight . flo trusts andy and emma , but there are people flo doesn't trust . flo will tell andy who it is later .
betka is in vendome on her way back to paris . violetta is watching la bayadère , with olga smirnova as nikiya , and artemy belyakov as solor .
ryan claims that may's decision to postpone voting on the brexit deal will buy the pm an extra time for campaigning . ryan and sam agree that there'll be the hard brexit . ryan supposes that the tories will topple may soon .
ken is going to the airport to look for a job .
jessica will go to the party with rick . she used to go out with john , who will also be at the party . they had a bad break up .
josh will propose to marion . monica is helping josh to pick a gift for her .
adrien and joona don't like florence . adrien is dissatisfied with food , people and architecture there . joona finds it a very touristic and an uninteresting place .
they built a fence between 4th and 5th avenue .
tony , david and luke will watch constantine this evening . they will order a pizza .
anna and eva hate winter . anna says eva would need to wait for 2 weeks to have her tyres changed . anna has already done it .
joey is about to take a nap . he will talk to gerard later .
roman found a wallet . he will call one of the numbers from name cards to find a person who lost the wallet .
brian and jess invite ben and fionna to go to madrid for the new year's eve .
joseph will pick the first sofa on nicholas and rich's recommendation . joseph will probably throw the flat warming party next month . rich wants to keep in touch .
patricia is looking for paid participants from syria for her study . anna knows a person from syria . she will ask if he wants to participate .
sam is going to take some time before naming his car .
mira is running half an hour late for a class because the central metro station is closed . annie save her a seat .
lisa had fun there but her children were disappointed . it was too crowded and too noisy for lily . the actress from their favourite show was in a bad mood and was almost unrecognisable . the kids enjoyed the lego exhibition and their purchases .
alec has cooked french soup with bread for a party . vic is coming with maria , who can't eat bread . max is coming by car but he's going to take uber back home so he can eat the soup .
anita's thinking about studying aztec language but she's not sure whether it's a good idea .
ruth and hope will meet at the cinema at 7 . 30 to see aquaman .
aggie and hugh will finish their reports tomorrow . andy , hugh and aggie want to get something to eat at 1pm at wendy's .
berenice didn't go for a walk with kerry and now she regrets it as she cannot fall asleep .
henry is letting go of his books in return for some oreos .
claudia wants to go out with erica . greg wants to check her homework first when he gets off from work in a couple of hours .
bill will call the agency to find out about the cleaning lady .
samantha wants to go skiing in austria . she's looking for a place with a lot of ski pistes . sam will send her links to ski resorts .
molly and aria are going for an event tonight . lola is sick , so she cannot join .
dan is going to get a christmas tree from a forest nursery . meanwhile , joy will be preparing a space for it in the living room .
nicole sent alexandra a photo of grammar tasks for tomorrow . nicole hasn't done them yet .
emily's mother sent old pictures of emily to henrik .
stella has to go shoppping tonight . she will only buy the most important things . she is going to watch some tv .
maria and peter had sex last night . maria reckons he's sensitive and caring . gabi and geri are happy for maria .
des is hungry . he and wanda are going to meet in half an hour .
pace is on the bus , stuck in traffic , and might not be on time .
rob , sam , julie , emma and toby are going to the cinema to see venom .
tyler has been ignoring brennan since their last date . tyler's roommate zack finds it weird because tyler told him the date was great . zack and tyler don't see each other too often due to their different schedules .
raul's trip to new york was amazing . he plans to go there again next year . sandra wants to join him .
donna is proud of oliver for getting good grades . rachel is happy for jay as he got into his course . rachel and donna have a disagreement on their sons' education .
vivienne is on the beach . her body is sunburnt .
may and tom give the car to jack , their son , under the condition he will pick up his phone and he will come back before 1 .
henrietta missed walter's calls as she was asleep by 7 .
dominic and adam are going to attend a horse race in warsaw . they will meet on sunday at 2 pm at the gates .
they are meeting for dinner at 6 30 . some gluten free dishes will be served for luna .
lea likes the cast of new dune film . dustin is a big fan of dune books . jerry read the first three books and liked them . lea did not read any .
jane changed her hair colour . daisy believes it suits her .
mark needs a spanish translator to translate the contract .
uma , geri and sophie will go for a drink .
lisa is planning susan's birthday party next saturday at 8 pm . tom will take care of booze . tom and tony will chip in for a ticket and lisa will buy it as a gift .
yael is going for a check up to a doctor , who only has appointments in the mornings . yael has to go for a check up every 2 years because of his sm . yael has been stable for the past 15 years .
andy will visit caron in a few hours . caron is very happy about it .
taylor doesn't want to move to warsaw .
hanna got herself a new jacket to impress the guy at her office .
micah is taking care of janelle's dog while she and her husband are on a trip in england .
jude has decorated her christmas tree .
kelly has recently changed a job and feels lonely in the new one , missing her previous colleagues . william misses her too .
kit is trying to convince donald , frederick , and ophelia to visit the rum factory in the hills today .
jessica and claudia will go to the boathouse around 11 . dave has not been training enough for the finals , which take place in a month , due to relationship issues .
roxanna doesn't make any plans for the summer . she waits for some last minute offers .
alie cannot find her earphones and she believes nat has lost them . nat frequently uses alie's earphones .
linda didn't tell isla about dating mike . isla is ok with it and hopes it will work out for them .
phil will be back home around 8 00 and will talk to nicky .
clare , helen and annette are going to have a karaoke night at 80s bar tonight .
summer is hungover because she was partying with sharon yesterday . dexter advises to take a nap .
laura and tim will meet for a lunch at 2 20 downstairs .
kate is moving in on saturday and michael will help her with packing .
sam is baking and making pancakes . lisa will take the dog out . sam and lisa haven't heard from benji .
ted hates shopping .
will is going to see chloe in a musical . chris and lily might not show up and are getting a divorce . chloe and william don't know who will keep logan . william wants to comfort chris .
alice is at work . martin is at home and has just woken up . martin checks if terry switched off the oven . he did . terry and alice are coming home around 7 pm . martin wants to cook something for the 3 of them .
tom's forgotten to take the dog for a walk but he'll call mike .
jessie's boyfriend sent martha the unambiguous message . samantha thinks martha should tell jessie about that .
kim and monica can't meet with lily tomorrow .
ben reminds the submission deadline is tomorrow .
kevin will buy a sandwich for dan .
danny has info from michael that frank and sue are dating .
callie made a bullet journal . she's been keeping a bullet journal for a year .
lindsay went to a house party last night . the host happened to have the same degree as max . lucy was impressed with the host's flat . she shares a photo of the flat with max . now max needs to get back to work , but when he's free , lindsay will invite him to a cuppa .
mia has ada's stuff packed in her car . peter will be in ada's place in 30 minutes , he has the key and he will let mia in . ada will send mia his phone number .
james wants to borrow 100 dollars from kathleen . she refused to do that .
benny doesn't like new year's eve celebration and getting older . many of her friends are having health problems , like rob who had a stroke 7 weeks ago , or have died , like kate's husband . helen's dad suffered a stroke and could never speak again , but she tries to stay positive .
lisa missed the bus . she will meet with ella at the bus stop in 10 minutes .
max makes vodka gummy bears . he leaves them to soak for a week .
mailer wants to go to the movies . scarlett suggests the new fantastic beasts .
bruna has already arrived . vera will open in 2 minutes .
wendy will meet carrie and richie at 6 . 30 as the film starts at 7 .
suzy sent pete the foolproof recipe for tiramisu . pete wants to use rum but suzy suggests skipping it or adding flavor drops . pete needs ladyfingers and according to suzy will find them around baking stuff at most groceries .
sue is spoiling lucy .
skylar hasn't been to valencia ?
axel will come over for a drink to brice who will play dungeons dragons and brice loves the game .
irina bought a new rolex . dwayne doesn't use a watch .
annie and rob are going to watch a game of baseball today .
terry will arrive shortly .
ania went to the market to get apples . she received a phone call from her mother reminding her to get apples while she was talking to her high school friend .
hannah is in lisbon . terry is at the gym . he stayed in a hotel in the centre while in lisbon . hannah is in cascais . she and mike ate breakfast in a bakery . terry will get the address of a restaurant he ate at for hannah .
steve suggests jayson organising a birthday party at louis .
kendra sends a picture of herself in new york to leanne and maud .
tom will finally get his money since tim got it .
alice , maria and barbara will meet on the weekend to watch alice's wedding photos . they will also invite kate and lilly .
luck and tania are meeting in the afternoon tomorrow .
laura and paula went out yesterday . paula woke up at 9 am still drunk and laura slept until 12pm . to avoid staying in bed for the whole day , they will meet in 10 minutes for a walk .
a dog , belonging to mandy's friend from work , seems to like her .
noel has ignored lawrence's last message . lawrence came home from school and is resting . noel is watching a movie .
may bought perfume for her mother .
rosalie is going to buy a new android phone .
gerry will bring rochelle merlot wine for the weekend .
jem learnt spanish and cory had french . neither of them remember much . emily is thinking of learning a foreign language but she hasn't decided which one .
bonita is hungry and stuck in traffic on her way home . mummy marinated the meat 3 hours ago . bonita is going to do an activity she considers dull for the next 4 weeks . bonita's commuting should not take longer than 10 minutes .
rod is going to upload some photos from yesterday's event to google drive and share them with victor and others .
tom , peter and chris will meet at the ultimate golden buddha statute .
terry has read danielle's epic fantasy short story .
tim and jack have just arrived . aldona is going down to greet them at the door in a moment .
anna called hanna by accident . hanna is tired of j .
adrian asked chen to return him his avenged sevenfold's album .
according to adam , karen's presentation at the conference was impressive . adam will visit karen's office in march .
kassidy is a little bit jealous because of edgar . he swears she has nothing to worry about . it's a pinkie swear , which he takes very seriously .
george is going to come to fix mel's computer in 20 minutes .
mark and emily will go on a romantic date on friday at 7 p . m . later they might go to the dragon's den . emily is going to dress up .
nitta will come and see laura for a moment .
there was rubens exhibition in the church . yesterday was the last day . eleanor didn't go .
yesterday dianne ate lunch with andy . dianne forgot her purse , so andy offered to pay , because he's earning a lot of money . he has always liked showing off .
caroline is not feeling well and has just taken painkillers . caroline will tell ted if she needs anything .
bart is upset because his dog pluto passed away . benjamin sends his condolences .
the coffee shop ian went to is not open . he will meet evan at the lucky bean at 4 . 30 .
linda will call alexa over the weekend for a catch up chat .
rita cannot take filly , mr . twister's dog , for a walk today . she will take filly for a walk tomorrow .
louise is fed up with looking after her kids so mari will take them somewhere on friday . harry is home from brussels on friday . louise and mari will have a lunch at about 12 12 . 30ish and then will take the children swimming on thursday .
carol's plane landed at 20 56 . she's in the bus going to terminal 2 . she'll meet barbara at exit b . emma is waiting next to mcdonalds .
ian is in byron . they are no longer working with mr fox . chris wishes he could be in byron too .
tom complains about his new phone . however , it does not work because it was placed in the washing machine , and the warranty does not cover such incidents . it might be repaired in a repair shop but tom will have to bear the repair costs .
rachel ordered shoes on amazon a month ago but they haven't arrived yet . samantha suggests her to contact amazon on this matter .
paula would like guitar lessons from katy . they agree on thursdays at 7pm , for 60 zloty per hour .
abe has invited olivier , jack and thomas to stay with his family in n'djamena . they will discuss the trip to africa over beer tonight .
dave is going to be home soon .
mona and luke enjoy the same music . mona hasn't listened to led zeppelin for a while .
ian is coming back on saturday or on sunday upon john's comment that there's no sense to come back on saturday .
beth is meeting with christina tomorrow . dan and beth decide to meet on sunday at 2 pm for thai food . they decide to invite matt as well . dan will call him and book the table .
vincent thanks ally and her friend for the evening . vincent and ally want to go to a film festival all together . they are seeing the dogman on wednesday at 5 pm .
jim and nate got paid today but nate can't meet as he has plans with susy .
owen and yasmin feel their chemistry test went badly . owen has written to pedro , but pedro hasn't responded yet . owen has business and english tomorrow . yasmin informs owen the art topics are going to be on the philosophy test .
olivia and kate chose the first one .
kate is collecting money for marry's gift . aubrey is chipping in . marry will get a t shirt and eyeshadow palette .
ida did not pack all of andre's clothes yesterday and she will bring them to joao's work tomorrow . joao will pass those clothes to andre . joao will also send ida the address of her office and bring ida's screwdriver and vegetable peeler .
julia will borrow molly's lipstick .
ron doesn't need to change the topic of his thesis .
keenan gave sonny and barb his login and password .
wendy brought back her dog that rose thought was lost .
harper will help stanley on the task list due tomorrow . he won't tell him .
carol's laptop stopped working , he needs help . michelle gives carol a phone number of a computer specialist to fix the laptop .
lea has been selected for a skype interview next week for a summer job .
barb is busy because she is leaving in nine days . chris usually watches netflix and goes to the gym to stay busy .
andy and vice have already voted in the local elections , simon will go in the evening . they all hope the transport system gets better after the elections .
the principal asked hank to get a permission slip for jill to sign . hank didn't get it .
rob is late for a meeting with ruth , because the bus was stuck in traffic .
pam and simone are on the plane . they should be where tom is at 6 .
barbara will collect stuff from boots tomorrow .
russ and jody are celebrating halloween tonight . jody is going to be a witch . russ wants to surprise jody , so he doesn't tell anything about his costume .
hannah is gathering recipes for mary . she is going to put it all in one pdf file .
allie cannot sleep properly because she thinks about that guy and peter .
natan and julie are going to be late to a descriptive grammar class .
there's a bomb threat at the university , which paralysed the city . roman wanted to visit his parents but he might miss his train . landon thinks the person responsible should be expelled .
tom , sue and alice will order food from da grasso tonight . tom wants pizza , but sue is on a diet , and there are some healthy options as well . they will meet at 9 pm and alice will bring something to drink .
brian managed to get tickets for lucas and michael to the soccer match next week . the match was sold out , but brian's dad's friend is the team manager and he arranged the tickets . lucas and michael will give something to brian and his dad to thank them .
louise sent out invites to the class reunion . patrick and miranda are coming but morgan can't make it .
nathan invites sarah to animatsuri for the manga days . she accepts .
jenny and greta want to get to know a new intern at lunchtime .
willow can't come tonight . she needs to stay in with her brother who got ill and their parents need to go to the meeting .
richard is on his way to meet david . susan is sick , so she cannot join tonight .
sara's organising a trip for arribada and she has free spots in the car . the group is going to ostional tomorrow to watch sea turtles lay eggs . it's 4 . 5 hours drive . ken wants to go on work day so they need to drive at night to see the morning peak tomorrow .
hannah has found a part time job in a chemical company . she will be paid for 2 days .
shaw will come to play football with hank and other guys .
janice will look for a new job soon .
paul wanted jack to stop eating .
rachel is making something with spinach for dinner , but also has a steak for dad .
they are closing the bar and julia is going to the studio now . bea will lend her some cash .
larry needs a favor from steve .
liam and jeff do not find institutional approach interesting .
enoch woke up and hopes the fever's gone , but waits for the spots to go . mattie went shopping to the grocery store and is in a club .
isabel and dulce like kayla's black pearl .
theresa , will , miranda and molly will go to the party in la olivia .
pete's video file is too big to send to thomas by phone . pete will upload it to google drive and share it with thomas so he can download .
bob will get the instructions from dan on how to send pdf to a kindle . he will read origin by dan brown , which he found at allbooks4free . com .
tim needs his book back for his paper . lance will bring it around 5 pm .
henry is worried because daisy hasn't been home in two days . no information is available at local animal shelters and their fliers haven't been of help either . henry will inform kaylee if daisy is found .
lloyd's worried about his mum because she doesn't answer his calls . he's worried because 2 months ago mum was taken to hospital . judy says mum has left her phone at home and tries to calm lloyd down .
jim has to be home by 8pm . otherwise , he will be grounded for a week .
fitzroy , joss and rainey had a history test today . letty will write it once she's back from the trip .
rory will buy 2 bananas for elyse on her way .
judy is spoiling the new episode for jo . she did it before with lost .
weronika and sarah are about to meet .
last night heidi was hired as interpreter . she had to drive a young worker to a hospital , because his hand was jammed into a machine . in the effect the worker lost 3 fingers on his left hand .
watson has an interview tomorrow . he's meeting bella at 4 pm .
bernard is doing laundry today .
elle and miles are about to meet . miles missed the bus and is running late .
alex is waiting for his flight , and he's watching a volleyball match on the big screen . before that , alex went to the irish bar for dinner .
gregory is awake . frank tells him to go back to sleep .
adrian will grab the orange tiles on sophie request . sophie wants him to make sure they aren't too dark . adrian will see sophie in a bit .
bryan will come to the classroom in 5 minutes .
robbie saw megan at mcdonald's yesterday .
tia and jonah's fridge broke . they bought it at curry's . it's still under the warranty . the documents are in the blue folder . tia is angry because she had to clean the water from the fridge and couldn't work . jonah cannot help , he's in spain . he will clean the rest of the house when comes back .
dan's wife gave birth to a baby girl yesterday by cesarean section . dan's wife will have to rest for a week after the procedure . mary has two kids . bringing them up was not always easy . mary will visit dan's wife soon .
marie has inadvertently woken him up .
bob has a problem with his eye . jamie's teething , he has fever and a runny nose . bob has to work on saturday , so he moved his lunch with diana to sunday .
julio is going to visit byron in 15 minutes . byron is alone at home .
andy's having serious problems with his backbone . his only chance is to have an operation . there's a risk he'd end up in a wheelchair . he decided not to do it . he's meeting his sister , dana , soon .
helen is sick and wasn't at the uni today . geraldine was only in the morning and she did exercises 2 , 3 and 4 at the page 34 .
peter sent an email explaining 3 options and wants to make a decision . kim and luke are confused . stella is in for place 2 and she is going with her dogs .
moira is in havana and is taking photos of art deco style buildings . she has found some are in a bad condition , especially in the suburbs . barbie suggests she collates the pictures in a portfolio and sends it to the architectural review .
sonja asks robert if she should expect him at paul's place where they're planning to watch movies tonight . robert can't come round because he has a test tomorrow .
martha and maria are going to have about 12 guests . martina will help maria in the kitchen .
pete is coming home with milk . nicole will make dinner .
ann wants to have a conference call with john and mike . they will start at 10 .
tom will make dinner tonight .
dave will re write the text on suz's request by thursday .
mary , ann and tom will go to rihanna's concert together .
nancy is looking for mom , because she has an important question for her .
patricia advises alice to choose orange pigment for alice's black smoky make up .
taylor and ray want to visit their old school this weekend .
mason and riley enjoyed the latest episode of the big bang theory .
brook works for american company , present on the market for 30 years , 24 on stock exchange , 3rd position on the market with 75 scientists working . they patented formulas and devices with galvanic currents and marketed hyaluronic acid as first . erica turns down the job offer presented by brook .
samantha needs to buy new running shoes . her old ones are completely destroyed .
jessie praises the blue curry restaurant . annette will book a table for her and her partner for this year's valentine's day . jessie will consider doing the same thing .
helen , lucy and peter are working for samsung . helen is at porters cafe .
peter is preparing a surprise for jade . lukas should tell her peter has lost his phone .
jakob will send the notes from econ 101 , ola will share econ 254 .
something came up for tim and he has to cancel cinema with mike .
alex is telling sam a joke .
sam is not satisfied with boring , routine sex he has with his wife . they have sex every one or two days .
jessica saw a dead man in the morning . he had jumped off the university roof .
dana can't understand why the results differ so much . dana can't find an american writer even though scrolling through 100 pages . jason suggests using a different browser or devise .
arthur and joseph are exchanging christmas wishes .
mona feels better . mona wants suzie to bring her a crime story . suzie doesn't know if she has fires in the dark but she will ask james . suzie will try to find something interesting for mona to read .
sammy is being cold .
the bus is at 8 . 10 but ryan , ruth and amy should buy the tickets at 7 . 30 .
kate has shown milly her new shoes and skirt .
ian thinks eva's dog is cute .
hayley and armstrong are going together . benton will aks mon and let them know whether he joins them .
charles , will , diana and diana's mum will meet up in about an hour at charles' home .
benjamin is struggling with coming up with a note about himself for a g . he is unsure whether he should mention scandinavia as one of his interests .
kate collected book that jill forgot . kate is going to give it back to jill tomorrow at 8 a . m . at library entrance .
alice and patricia will join john and ann at the prudential shopping mall to enjoy the festive atmosphere .
ted and clair met last night . they want to meet again but ted is busy this week .
joseph , maria p , and maria b will have lunch together at 1pm at al haesh .
aden left the car keys on the kitchen table .
sally will send dave some links with wallets for a farewell present for nat .
christine ordered a meal for chelsea . chelsea will pick it up herself . christine provided a receipt number .
amanda's name means worthy of love . jeff's name means peaceful pledge . steven's name means crown . it's a greek name . camile's name means born free , noble and the perfect one . it's a french name .
anne is studying in the library for tomorrow's algebra exam . she doesn't want to go to the cinema .
lily and mel think kasia put too much makeup .
hunter should be landing at 15 . 00 but the flight is already delayed and they haven't even taken off yet .
gina will check out a hotel or spa voucher as a gift for her parents 30 anniversary .
patricia had a date with a new man . they went to an italian restaurant and for a drink . peter left her 2 months ago .
dad doesn't let pat eat his salad .
luke is waiting for eliana in front of the church .
jeremy is angry with theresa . wally , jenny and william don't want jeremy and theresa to argue on the group .
paris missed the bus and will be late . chris will wait for her .
amy told logan about chester being cruel to her .
olivia is buying baklavas . julia went to the toy store with the kids and is exhausted . luis is taking off for a business trip with his wife and kids .
laura , isabel , henry , jessie and claire have a brainstorming session regarding organisation of activities for children .
gillian has got some negative feedback for her work . monica comforts her .
harry is at hospital because he broke his arm on a slippery path when he was walking bart in the park . he won't be able to come to poppy's party tonight .
brad , sam and theo will go for a beer tonight .
tom is on his way to his workshop at the bl . thanks to his promotion , 30 people signed up .
eve is visiting bob's parent's friday night . lilly doesn't want to be in a relationship with her partner anymore , but is concerned about the kids . eve and sue advise lilly to leave him . sue offers lilly a stay for her and the kids . eve offers to help move lilly's things .
monica and joel are planning to buy some ripple . monica will also buy some other cryptocurrencies .
violet is going on a date with tim that she met on the party last month .
natalie has made a booking at the green leaf hotel in los angeles . they've got the best purple haze and white widow at the green leaf . natalie , sandra and nick are going to meet in half an hour on their bench to have a smoke .
baxter , seymour and dina are meeting to play fifa tonight . acton can't come as he's at work .
douglas informs wesley he should cover pages 28 to 70 for the exam .
mandy will leave adam 25 pln for a school trip .
ian is in a meeting . bruce is in manchester till wednesday . ari will meet the client on friday morning . they all need to meet to discuss the case . ian and ari will meet tomorrow after lunch .
ollie needs evan's opinion on a file he's emailed to him .
dusan is coming in for 1 lesson tomorrow at 4 5 . 30 . tom explains there are 4 students at upper intermediate level and the coursebook english file will be at the reception .
peter wants henry to get him a bottle of water from the store .
dulce got home alright . issac would like to visit poland one day . issac and dulce are discussing the weather in poland and mozambique .
charlie can't lend lilly the book she asked about , as he has himself borrowed it from prof . roberts . lilly forgot to submit her paper before the deadline , but charlie allows her to do it now . charlie is pleased with lilly's paper . lilly promises to remind other students about the paper .
bart will order a pizza without ham for carmen and himself . he will pay for the pizza because carmen cannot afford it . carmen will get paid in a week's time .
tracey wants to run a marathon but she needs a proper preparation first .
marcy is looking for the adrenaline for tom , who was stung by a bee .
louise is going to propose to thelma at his birthday . he found a ring at pandora .
james is angry at ivy for the way she talked to tracy .
rose bought a beautiful nail polish on ali .
alex wants to set the picture they took as her profile picture on facebook , but kim already deleted it by mistake .
anne needs a red dress urgently . gemma and patricia are recommending some shops where she can get one .
maddie has a problem with her phone . tom is going to show her how to update the operating system tomorrow .
fred would like great britain to stay in the european union but according to him the eu should evolve . stephanie is sceptic if it's possible to find a solution on which 30 countries would agree .
peter , emma , kate and terry want to visit a chocolate factory . the factory is owned by local cocoa growers .
stanislaw is not going to the ball .
mariella will buy a pecorino cheese sandwich for jerry and one with cheddar for marion .
frank is late but will arrive in 5 minutes . brenda and stephanie are waiting for him in front of the school . brenda is agitated because frank is late .
kate hasn't been using facebook for a week . oliver left facebook for a month , but he's back now .
joshua is making a salty caramel cake using the same recipe paula did .
danny hated yesterdy's dinner party at brenda's as the food was terrible , there were not many people there and he didn't know anybody , so he left early .
peter always beats audrey with checking funny memes .
gabriel is picking up his new car today . he bought it with his own money , the money from his parents and a loan . it's a new mercedes benz , sedan , 180hp , it goes from 0 to 100 km h in 6 . 2 seconds . it cost 55 k .
sean's sick and that's why he isn't at the university today . jim doesn't want to eat lunch alone there .
peter was out to play chess and he won . he ate crackers , cheese and an apple and he had a beer . stacey made soup and she will bring it to eat with peter . she will bring part baked baguettes . she hasn't eaten yet .
anna will drive will to work tomorrow . then she's going to her hairdresser . after she will stay home .
lucy bought a new dress of d g for 150 . ann was impressed by lucy's outfit yesterday .
henry and daniel will write a test from pages 28 34 on friday .
rach told charlotte that ursula had been flirting with charlotte's boyfriend at the last party at dan's . charlotte will explain the situation with her boyfriend and ursula .
lucas would like to borrow a book about influence from dylan . he needs to read it for his psychology class and the are no more copies of it in the library . dylan will look for it .
cris' hand is getting better . cris promises betty to see the doctor tomorrow .
tom has recently started working in it . he likes it because it's fun for him and he can work remotely .
audrey , evan and chris are awake after a night full of adventures .
last time brenda and jill met , jill was dating john , brenda's ex . jill has since broken up with john . jill and brenda are going shopping on saturday at 10 am at the mall .
lennon is having a great time . sue wants lennon to be careful .
claudia has had the first massage in her life . she liked it a lot . it was part of a relaxation package . she got a voucher for it from her coworkers . claire has pains in her back .
rae gave john a ride to the airport . john is going to attend the international it conference in london . rae is coming over to cristina today to eat lunch .
luke is grounded and he does not want to fight with his parents anymore . bruno is making fun of luke . luke decides to go out with his friends .
terry has finished all his tasks at work , but can't go home , so he's bored .
even though it's early , harriet has already been shopping at lidl and bought coconut milk . georgina likes oat milk , which she buys at aldi . harriet often looks for special offers at supermarkets , georgina doesn't . harriet will be preparing fish for dan tonight .
john saw some videos from mike's concert in today's news and it looked great to him .
freya , diane and justine are going shopping after classes . they all need to buy trousers .
jeremy wants to go out with ben . susan and kylie are going to the cinema friday at 8 pm and ben will join them .
rose wasn't at the yesterday's party . there were david , lisa , joey , jeffrey , kevin and joanna , kinky chris and gabriel .
arlo googled what an 'eight track tape' is .
catherine is going to matilda's party later .
nathalie hates the woman who lives in the next room . she annoys nathalie , listens to her conversations , she used nathalie's dish sponge without permission yesterday and she has smelly feet .
eric is not sure whether to go to ivan's brother's wedding as he has lots to do at home . ivan will talk to eric's parents .
ella and jose are going to watch kler at the cinema at 7 30pm . the cinema has a discount for mondays .
it's very cold . kimberly doesn't want to go to karen's party tonight , she plans to stay in and watch tv in her pyjamas . when parker tells her that ricardo will be at the party , kimberly changes her mind and decides to go because she likes him . kimberly and parker will see each other at karen's .
sophie is giving a service class on tuesday . alice will be there .
according to peter , tim's sister should observe her body after the fall and take painkillers
brian needs melissa's toy . mellisa looks upset in the picture brian sends . rasha will deliver the toy by car within 15 minutes provided traffic isn't bad .
fiona forgot to hang the washing out . gina will do it . she will also feed the cats .
betty is having problems with microsip . helen suggests a reinstall .
rachel listened to ed sheeran's new album . she thinks the album is perfect and that ed is a genius . evan also likes him a lot .
zoe sent jodie photos of bondi beach , with 28 degrees and hot wind . they withdrew to their apartment to have a shower .
tiana's dance performance earned her a second place in a competition .
tom asks kim to check if a 3 minute long video he forwarded is working .
rachel will do 3 pieces on the phones 550 words each and 3 on the catalogues 750 words each till friday . keiran has an exciting job for rachel next week . keiran has a new client doing a website for swim spas .
chris attended a halloween party at luke's . he has just woken up in the neighbour's house . chris probably trespassed on their property .
mark will bring ann some food around 10 .
zachary , dalton and dale are going to a barbecue .
pat found dad's old atari computer , it's still working . pat , drew and jack talk about river raid , final fantasy vii games , how they like them . jack quotes finnish metal band lyrics .
thomas confirms his appointment with mr brown on thursday and freddie informs him that he'll only have an hour .
nick has reserved a table for two at 1 pm today .
lynn is afraid to talk to her manager about her work stress . she might look for a new job .
pete suggests a movie tonight . jo and paul can join , so they will meet at the usual cinema at 8 . jules can't join , he has plans already .
frank saw the comedian patton oswalt last night . he got two tickets from his friend and asked jenny from bingo to go with him .
paul , anne and jill postponed their meeting with michael in two weeks time due to michael's flu .
debra's boss yelled at her again for something she didn't do . debra is considering finding a new job .
jude will pick up the charger jane left at the office . jane will come over in the evening to fetch the charger .
paul is at the pub . jenni is waiting for him , but he doesn't remember them arranging a meeting . he attends a pub quiz night at lion's head every tuesday . now he's there pub with a woman named lauren and he invites jenni to pop down the pub and talk . jenny is furious and wants paul to come tomorrow .
michael couldn't come to the concert yesterday . nobody came , so ursula didn't get paid .
felix is visiting marly after class . alya and marly will meet for ice cream later .
harry won an award . fans like him , because he's natural and honest .
vic is coming down to meet luke because the code to enter doesn't work .
rob keeps coming back from work too late , while frankie wants him to go and buy a car for him .
monica explains to phoebe , chandler and ross the difference between a flat white and a cappuccino .
arabella takes part in a designing competition . she is really nervous that she will fail and robbie tries to give her some positive reinforcement .
ciara received money from her mum and josh , her brother , didn't . she was confused . josh told ciara it's her birthday tomorrow . ciara promised to let josh know if there will be some celebration happening .
sandra is very busy at work , but she will check her schedule and let tom know if she can go to the new musical with him .
emma will buy dorothy's painting for her living room . she will come on friday afternoon to choose a painting and drink some tea .
juliet loved marion's presentation . marion is sending juliet the contact the talked about . juliet is calling her straight away .
eleonore is angry at pike , because she found women's underwear in the garage . eleonore wants to talk to tim's and frank's parents .
marylin has not taken days off before christmas yet . joy urges her to do it quickly . marilyn will do it tomorrow .
anna enjoyed the beach but didn't like emma's boyfriend , who complained a lot .
faye is upset that bruce isn't aware of her current hair color .
professor brown got fired because of sexual harrassment accusations from students . several lecturer supported the accusations . charlotte and carter are happy he got fired .
viola invited ian for lunch with her parents . they will meet in lower place at 2 45 .
lisa went to the cinema with john . she took mary's keys .
sam does not feel well and he probably will not go to the school tomorrow . in the morning he will go to the doctor . gabby will tell the teacher that sam is ill . sam will text gabby after visiting the doctor .
mia has had her scan and she doesn't need a surgery . mia has also problems with her liver due to the pills she has been using . mia will speak to jane later .
ieva is visiting her 97 year old grandmother on the baltic coast of lithuania and hasn't been active in the group chat . ieva finds the place pretty and full of memories .
ken is looking to rent a building for llc but needs to gather more information from a lawyer first .
dennis is angry at louis for flirting with his ex girlfriend mandy .
martha left a rude note for rufus so he talked to her face to face about it .
the practice is not going well because woody is not in shape .
chris is on the corner of station and church st . chris has been looking for the place for the last 20 minutes and couldn't reach jim over the phone . jim gives chris directions about how to get to the place . jim will open the gate for chris in 5 minutes . jim has to lock up the dogs first .
brian's ex called anna yesterday at about 6pm . she wanted to talk about his son . she's worried about anna coming into his life . brian will talk to her later .
karly likes the red dress major wore yesterday .
greg's sister is expecting a baby .
eleonore is in rome and wants to know if leah and kate can share some must sees . leah has never been to rome , but kate shared a blog she used when in milan , which also has tips and recommendations about rome .
rita sends a photo of her cats . they've all grown and she describes how she tells them apart .
sam and conor liked their yesterday's concert .
morris needs more time to decide on what they talk with bill .
mary and tom need some suggestions for bigger summer holidays with children and amanda . jeff recommends mauritius instead of maldives as it's not that expensive and nice for children . jeff suggests flying with british airways even though he always flies with air france .
discussing the g20 forum art claims to have fun out of the situations the us president finds himself in . robert and alexis don't share art's attitude and are embarrassed by the president's behaviours .
huey and luie have been working a lot and need a vacation .
danny and woof are looking for a hotel . danny's favorite is starfish in varadero .
sarah has driven into a pillar when leaving her parking spot . jack and zoe find it funny , which is frustrating .
chloe sends lucy and aria a photo of a family .
matt is working for an event organizing association , where he's in charge of social media . especially twitter . it's yet another job , where matt is not getting paid . some of matt colleagues can be unprofessional at times . matt and alex will meet on saturday at alex's place .
lisa sends stanley a picture of salmon tartare . lisa is at joan's birthday party .
ross is at the mall . rose prefers black shoes .
andy and jane both liked the new film by quentin tarantino . jane is going out on a date and andy will come over shortly to help her choose what to wear .
it's 12 degrees and windy where racheal is . it's 9 degrees celsius in helsinki . it's snowing in redmond where piya is . racheal was in redmond about a year ago . the forecast indicates that temperature will steadily decline for the rest of the week .
jessica bought tickets to see manchester united in london for her and lucas .
grace shares with kristin a picture of the embroidery she has just completed .
petra and jenny can't meet with alfred tonight because they are working in the pizzeria .
nick will join bart at the conference room in 5 minutes .
ernest's car is broken so he will take the bus .
gregory bought tickets worth 100 each for himself , chuck and sue . chuck and sue're transfering the money for tickets to gregory .
susan wants to know what happened to henry . jacky and henry had a fight . susan will visit jacky to see how he is doing .
julia dreamed about a party at a bar .
pete and kate have anniversary . pete , mark and john decided to buy tickets to a concert for their girlfriends so that they will have a night out together .
marshall can't afford rdr2 . lucas is hyped with the game . marshall wants to play it too .
nancy will pick a movie . peter will be there in 5 minutes .
rex had a day off yesterday .
ben , ron and camilla will stay one day more in the countryside .
gage set the date up for amber and his friend , but amber won't see him again as they have nothing in common .
martin and claire are flying to stansted . they will be there at 10 pm . if the border check is fast and they catch the earlier train , they will be in cambridge before midnight . jasmine will prepare some food for them .
mike brought dora a doll which laura no longer needs . the doll was made by aitra , who passed away . laura knows that dora and aitra were friends , and wants dora to have the doll as a remembrance of dora's late friend .
claire and aaron's mom is visiting her friend at the hospital . she might come home late . claire wanted to go shopping with her .
they are discussing climate change . sylvia has kids . jane does not have kids . sylvia is a designated driver for aunt maggie . greg and sylvia will meet for a drink .
bill has prostate cancer at a low level . due to bill's heart condition , cis oncologist will confirm with his cardiologist when he can have the operation .
kevin will bring something for grandpa's birthday this afternoon .
alice doesn't want to talk to mark anymore .
riley went to the pharmacy to get medicine for mr . cooper . mr . cooper has a headache , a stomachache and a running nose . the pharmacist finds something that should help mr . cooper .
after school , eric has to clean the cereals he left on the table .
alice was scared , because rory joked about a bomb attack and a huge fire in the school . polly left the choir , so there is only rory and josh arrowsmith in the choir now .
jordan and vivian had a lot of fun today . they will meet again on friday .
tea and griff will meet in the park in 10 minutes to go for a walk .
joshua's panda notebook is in the kitchen .
val and marie are talking about dwts tv show . they are joking .
diana had a car accident . some woman hit them . she'll be late for her meeting with camilla and elisabeth . they'll start without her .
tom and pete wll have sushi tonight . pete will drop by at 7 . 30 .
amalie will buy jeff a board game as a present .
liwia will buy the accessories and ingredients for cookie decoration on anna's request . liwia is coming home late . she sees a friend . anna will leave the door open for her .
mitchell and joan aren't satisfied after having watched the season finale .
ruby explains leaning in to henry . ruby and henry talk about business , the me too movement , dating and how the times are changing .
damian cannot paint the porch as it's raining and his wife martha will be mad at him .
betty's at the movies while donna's at home .
margot took off the train , took a shower at the station and is now waiting over breakfast for her boarding scheduled in one hour .
george is bringing teddy ice cream on his way back .
jeff is scared about his upcoming flight . he took a tranquillizer but it doesn't help much . amanda and steven try to calm him . jeff knows his fear is irrational .
liz needs living room drapes ready by this weekend . they'll be ready today , but she needs to wait until next week for pillows . it'll cost her extra to ship the drapes separately .
roscio and valerio laugh at the mention of summer at emanuele grandma's . emanuele ran into his grandma's neighbour yesterday and they are going out tonight .
jessica is busy with work and school . she is not invited to jack's nye party . the gang hasn't been in touch with her since there broke up .
on her way to tommy , amber found a small animal . tommy will bring a carton and a towel and they will take it to the vet , mrs . jenkins .
benjamin and ali had lunch with harry today at the canteen . he left 30 minutes ago to go to the hairdresser , as josh reports . the system just collapsed and sharon needs harry's help .
jenny is coming . ron will be ready in 5 minutes .
matilde and marco decorated their house by themselves , and agnes is impressed . agnes wants matilde to give her some tips as agnes is about to buy an apartment . matilde advises her .
arty will bring ronie a drill so that he can hang a photo .
harry read in the news that one in 103 children is homeless in the uk . patrick and harry are shocked .
thomas is charging his phone behind the christmas tree on the 4th floor .
dina will put the soup in the fridge at mom's request .
according to galina there is only one way to enter abkhazia from russian side . she doesn't think it is safe with georgian visa . she advises doing more research on the internet .
leyla's little one is fine but rudy's is sick . rudy is going to see a doctor .
tracey and pauline want to meet to catch up , tracey'll be free after easter . tracey also reminds pauline about a picture from ibiza .
matilda needs to go to the doctor , gp or gastroenterologist . martha recommends her dr keene who is a gp at woodlands surgery clinic .
there has been a heavy snowfall in new york . jacques is thrilled because he successfully manipulated his son into shovelling the driveway . eric would love to have a son too but having a third kid is not an option for him .
tom and lindsey's neighbor's son is learning to play the violin , which makes a lot of noise . lindsey and tom hope he will drop it soon .
the hairdresser susan is unavailable , so pam will look for other hairdresser recommendations online to do her hair for joe and sue's wedding this weekend .
harper will come over to faith's and they will go out for a drink afterwards .
chris has received help from chowder today .
ely sends alice the number of nancy .
jane has a very bad cold . she didn't see the doctor . she doesn't have a thermometer . bill will get her a thermometer , some bread and aspirin . he will come over in about an hour .
katherine , anne , philip and joan are going to meet at 3 pm at katherine's place .
rachel and matt want to get off work earlier today and visit rachel's parents . matt is planning to give rachel's dad his old computer . rachel feels like italian food . they'll eat in casa italia , they've heard it's good . matt will make a reservation . rachel checked their menu . they'll meet at 4 .
tom is downstairs waiting for maria . robert is coming down .
ian found jenny's wallet and brought it to the welcome desk , as he couldn't find jenny .
faulkner and pelham are going to play the last match of this season tomorrow . they're going to have a beer before and after the game .
logan is thinking about moving to velancia in may . now he just wants to change flats . emma would like to visit him in wroclaw before the end of the year .
tyler had an argument with kate . it was jake's job to do the report , not tyler's . tyler is starting to look for a new job . tyler's current job is tyler's first and he's been working there for 3 months .
scarlett wants to order pizza instead of her cooking . chloe is disappointed .
martha was looking for some bracelets recently . claire prefers gold ones and cassie would look for more classy ones .
ian , connor and mark will meet at the last station .
penny got herself macrame cords as birthday gift . she will make macrame for andy and his mum . penny's new job is going well , unlike her master's thesis . andy has almost finished his thesis .
laila and kristel are teachers taking children to the exhibition and then to the science centre . they will also take them to a pizza place and cinema . laila doesn't like taking care of kids at the movies .
beth wants her children sally and jake to come early for christmas eve .
allie's sleeve is 75 done . it hurt a lot , but it was worth it .
tiffany apologizes for yesterday and invites dennis over for cake . dennis will be there in 10 minutes .
sarah might be late for her appointment with beatrix at 5 pm .
vitor had 3 exams this week , one didn't go well . his grades from france were recognized by his university and some of them are good enough that he won't have to repeat the subjects , so he may be able to finish in one year . joe has spent the week working on his dissertation , he has written 30 pages .
their tweets are badly written . janette dislikes having to read their tweets as part of her job . janette would not like to change her job .
the professor teaching corruption classes at mark's and audrey's uni allegedly asked for a bribe of 40 million .
mell had some problems with formatting the bibliography for her article . jacky has helped her solve all of them .
bill can take the car .
josh will come over to charles at the dorm with beer .
jordan recommended his therapist , judith correman , to anna .
kody blacked out after drinking yesterday .
alex shows judy anne maries new song , 'perfect to me' . judy prefers her earlier work .
it was mary's birthday today and she enjoyed it .
ellen is on the way to ron's place . he is waiting outside .
robert was ghosted after three dates .
professor was speaking too fast to take notes . jesus understood the lecture . maria will visit jesus in half an hour . jesus will recapitulate the lecture .
jimmy , alejandra , alice and xavi are promoting their event . alejandra will organize the promotion via social media . alice will send emails . xavi is responsible for visual designs , but the it technicians are causing a delay .
debi and danie wish to see each other . debi offers danie a place to stay in melbourne . del tells danie to do what she wants .
adam and marlene don't want a big reception . mom wants to invite 200 guests and pay for everything . adam and marlene prefer to travel . they will come to mom tonight to talk .
brad told people angela's nickname used to be angelina so now they call them brangelina .
the smog is bad today . josephine went grocery shopping and she came back with a terrible cough .
martha is saving for a new computer .
mark and jackie will meet tonight for dinner and movies at mark's place . they will go to grocery store together and mark will make thai food later .
fred , rachel , rebeca and john are going to a small home party . she invited just some of the best friends .
amber and mary advise suzie to stay up all night and not give up .
jurek is on his way . they are running late . diana is ready and waiting for jurek .
andy instructed barbara and natalie on what to do in case of a fire .
becky and same are meeting near the library .
alex and valerie are upset because mr . bernard has suffered a stroke and has been taken to hospital .
isaac sends lucas a photo of his new haircut .
kelly is upset , because her boyfriend took her to a fancy restaurant on a special date , so she suspected he was going to propose , which he did not .
leo's birthday is on november 12 .
zuri and fisher are staying home and studying tonight .
jim forgot to call his mother on her bday . tom reminded him about the birthday .
laura's tattoo hurts . it's 2 weeks old . pete will visit her after work .
derek gave laila a recipe for a beetroot cake .
kelvin is stuck in traffic , he should arrive in 20 minutes .
tori got upset because kash sent the task without notifying her . tori gave kash translation from urdu to english to do .
victoria is in a restaurant toilet and texts skylar to bring her toilet paper , as there is none in the toilet .
shaniqua is coming around 5 . she will buy a few bottles of wine . shaniqua was going to leave the dogs with her neighbor . leroy finds it funny when mum mentions trump .
pitt and benny are standing in an enormous queue in the supermarket .
kris wants to start listening to podcasts when he commutes . he's interested in literature , social topics and psychology .
karim doesn't want to go to the party by himself . irma will wait for him .
robbie has seen some nice souvenirs in prague , but they are too expensive for him .
jason shares his greek soup recipe with ezra . ezra loved the soup . jason explains him the difference between green and red lentils .
the show starts at 6 p . m . helen will pay alain back 50 today .
carolina and hugo disapprove of the situation in venezuela .
czar's profile on kakaotalk shows a text in a foreign language meaning that he would like to focus on nice people only , and not on morons . he got it from a russian friend . dakarai did not understand it but would find it useful on his profile too .
barbara and jess won't meet tonight , because brandon is down with the flu , and jess has to take care of him . barbara hopes that they will meet at fiona's in two weeks .
romeo is trying to get greta to add him to her friend list but she refuses .
theresa is at work . she gets free food and free yoga classes . theresa won't go to visit louise in stockholm , because she will prepare for university psychology lessons . she'll be back at uni on 26th september .
japan is going to hunt whales again . island and norway never stopped hunting them . the scandinavians kill fewer whales than the japanese .
celia couldn't make it to the afternoon with the collins and jennifer as she is ill . she's working , but doesn't want to meet with jennifer as it might be contagious . jennifer will leave a basket with cookies on celia's terrace .
georgia and juliette are looking for a hotel in lisbon . juliette dislikes georgia's choices . juliette and georgia decide on the second option presented by georgia , but it has already been booked . finally georgia books the third hotel .
